All right, here we go. Three, two, one,
go.
>> Calm and casual.
>> Deliberate moves.
>> To me, this is how a basist would run
the gauntlet. This is very basist
behavior.
>> Uh-oh.
>> No pressure.
>> Wow.
>> There we go.
>> What are the basis stereotypes, Nick?
>> Uh, no chicks. [laughter]
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, [ __ ]
>> Yeah. I'm
>> Yeah.
>> That's what every every band, not just
him, every band's I also think the basis
is usually like the most they they don't
get credit for uh being like a really
good musician. Like, oh well, there's
only four strings.
>> Yeah.
>> He sings the harmonies, too, which is,
you know, but there's a lot of bases
that are like
>> musical genius of it.
>> They do make it look easy.
>> Yeah.
[laughter]
>> They also don't let basist write songs a
lot.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
Oh, [laughter] he he went to school with
Okay,
>> here we go. Dylan,
>> that might not be true, Kyle. I just I
feel like it is.
>> I feel like faces are very cool.
>> It's very nonchalant.
>> I agree with that. Come on, buddy.
>> Oh,
>> do you have to keep them in line when
they're out partying?
>> I definitely try to. We have a a
24year-old Irish guitar player. Yeah.
Say no more.
>> He's the hardest to keep in line.
>> Is there any
>> I'm sorry.
>> No. Is there any incidents that you've
had to solve?
>> Um, nothing like that, but
>> you know, like waking people up
obviously something I'm I'm not still
kind of getting burning the works on
that. Especially
>> in the bus.
>> You got it.
>> Hotel rooms and stuff.
>> If something happens, just say you have
Lyme disease.
>> Mhm. Does that work?
>> Timberlake.
>> Yeah. Timberlake just
>> he was getting roasted for bad dancing
on tour and then he came out with the
Lyme disease.
>> Bet you they'd feel bad now.
>> It's like when
>> no arc on his shot. Completely different
shot than mine.
>> It's like a line drive.
>> When Chap said Pete Davidson had
butthole eyes and Arya Grande said no,
he's got Crohn's.
>> Oh
>> yeah,
>> smart playbook.
>> Almost.
>> There we go. Nope.
Now he's got it.
>> Yeah. He's doing this so calmly and
cooly that his time doesn't matter.
>> It does.
>> There it is.
>> It matters to me. [laughter]
>> Titus, you got any shot tips for me?
>> Uh,
you you didn't look too bad. I I think
followthrough is usually the big one is
uh Yeah. Little
[cheering]
>> follow through.
>> All right. Reaching the cookie.
>> You're under three minutes. You're doing
great.
>> Gotcha. There is
>> trivia.
>> You're on the right.
>> You know any of the Ivy League schools
>> Ivy League school?
>> Yeah.
>> Stanford.
>> No.
>> Um
>> uh top vegetables sold in the US 2022.
>> Harvard. There you go. You said Harvard.
>> Top vegetable.
>> Yeah.
>> Um tomato.
>> Dude, you got Japal movies with Jonah
Hill. You You can nail those.
>> Let's see.
Can you read those? He doesn't have the
best eyesight.
>> Okay. Removable items in operation. I
think those are just bones, right?
>> No.
>> No. Uh
>> organs.
>> It's like funny names.
>> Jonah Hill movies.
>> Jud Appatile. Judah Hill movies.
>> Set Brothers.
>> No. Jud Appatile movies with Jonah Hill.
>> Uh, three main ingredients for an
old-fashioned.
>> Four kings of comedy.
>> I would go with vegetables. Yeah. Yeah.
>> So, I have to pick one. No, just
multiple
popular vegetable.
>> I never had no pumpkin pie.
>> Um [ __ ] with Jonah Hill. Um
>> or a vegetable.
>> A vegetable.
>> I mean, isn't um [ __ ] Yikes.
>> Vegetable.
>> One [laughter] vegetable. Any vegetable
will do.
>> Vegetables. Dylan. A cucumber. [ __ ]
[laughter]
>> Okay. Okay. Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Here we go. Let's get hot on vegetables.
>> Some more vegetables. Super bad.
>> Okay. Yeah.
>> Heating up.
>> Yeah.
>> What are the tasty one
>> back and forth? Vegetables and
>> vegetables. Um I already said tomato. I
guess I'm wrong.
>> What's the band like fruit?
>> Can you Can you think of more of those
vegetable?
>> You were you were right on on Harvard.
Any more of those like private schools
in the east coast?
>> Um brown.
>> There we go. Let's go.
>> What about a brown food? Is pepper dy
considered?
>> No.
>> No. But the first part [laughter]
>> Yeah.
>> Drop. Give us pepper. So peppers.
>> So peppers.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> Let's go. Um, another vegetable. Um,
>> onion. [laughter]
>> Nope. Not one of the best sellers.
>> Best sellers in 22.
>> I think of the big models. People love
onions. Um,
>> feeling like a freak on a leash.
>> Corn.
>> Yeah, they're playing tonight. All
posit.
>> Big corn.
>> It has to be. That's
>> six boxers Mike Tyson in a professional
fight.
>> Oh crap. Four kings of comedy. Tommy
Gun. Um,
>> Kings of Comedy.
>> Ingredients in an oldfashioned.
>> I ain't scared of you [ __ ]
>> Um, drink oldfashions
>> bourbon one.
>> Salads like think.
>> There we go.
>> We're getting there.
>> Um, another Ivy school. [laughter] 540.
>> We're working this.
>> That's okay. Yeah, just think small uh
prestigious schools in the Northeast.
>> Yeah. Um where are all the douchebags?
>> You had I mean Harvard and Brown are
good.
>> Um what's another one up there?
>> Who's Harvard's rival?
>> I would go back to vegetable. [laughter]
>> I don't know. We keep getting we keep
getting stuck on it. Think about the
board game operation. I mean, there's
body parts everywhere.
>> Yeah. Corn not being on there is
criminal. Hey, come on. You're still
getting time.
>> How many do I have to get right?
>> 10.
>> You only need four more. We're almost
there. Mike Tyson bite his ear. You
remember that?
>> Um, that was uh Evander Holyfield.
>> Here we go.
>> There we go.
>> Go vegetables.
>> Well, we're getting there.
>> We're getting there.
>> What the hell is this? Resources and
Settlers of Katan.
>> Yeah. No, I'm out on that. Um,
>> I think you're out on all of them.
>> Yeah. You got a you got the US president
that
>> body parts acquired the most land in the
US history.
>> Body parts purchased. Yeah, that would
be hickory. I think
>> Andrew Jackson.
>> Mhm.
>> Vegetables still out there.
>> No.
>> Wasn't Andrew Jackson.
>> No. I think it was number three, right?
>> Yeah.
>> You guys listen.
>> Prince a ton. A ton.
>> Okay.
>> Um
>> TJ,
>> let's break down this salad.
>> Thomas Edison.
>> No,
>> Okay,
>> dude. Go back to vegetables.
>> TJ, [laughter]
>> great receiver from LSU. Perhaps
>> we got to get that.
>> What are the hallmarks of a salad? Would
you say lettuce? [laughter]
>> Yeah.
>> Yep.
>> Uh-oh.
>> Let's get hot on the salad.
>> Yeah, let's get hot on the veggies. Um,
>> two more.
>> Uh, they really are dirty on there. So,
you can't say like a bell pepper cuz
that's just a variety of a pepper.
>> Yeah, maybe like one that gets dirty.
>> Oh, like a potato.
>> You had to You had [laughter] to first
name the president.
>> Potato's not on there.
>> Okay. Thomas Jefferson.
>> There we go. Thomas Jefferson. You got
that? That's it, right?
>> I think one more.
>> Why did you write Thomas?
>> That's not it.
>> Jeez.
>> Who the [ __ ] We all don't know it.
>> I thought it was Thomas Jefferson.
>> I did
vegetable.
>> Can I just do get out of here?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Let's get
>> What part of I graduated with 10 kids
already? [laughter] You're still on the
clock, though, guys.
>> Come on.
>> Okay. Um,
>> let's see. I I I really can't read much
of this.
>> What about a bunny rabbit eats bugs
bunny eats this carrots? There we go.
Okay. All right. All right. Are you
still anymore?
>> All right.
>> Jonah Hill movie.
>> Uh
>> um I already said super bad. Did we Did
we get that?
>> What about uh
>> um Your Highness?
>> We got a woman.
>> What about the green vegetable that
looks like a tree?
>> A broccoli.
>> Okay. Give us show us broccoli.
>> SHOW US.
>> THAT'S pretty good. 822.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> There we go.
>> Almost. Pick up as many as you want. You
need to pick up more.
>> Perfect.
>> There we go.
>> Is this like bring back flashbacks for
your KB? Like the late cutting talk?
>> Yeah. I would not be doing any of this.
>> It's like you're in pure hell dreading
your upcoming cut.
>> Yeah. He was supposed to come in
tomorrow and then he moved it to today.
>> Yeah. No.
>> There we go. He's in.
>> His records so good, too. 16.
>> He's a pretty big favorite on Saturday,
too.
>> Holy [ __ ]
>> I could see him some at some point him
and Patty crossing paths. He kind of
really
>> Yeah, they're the same way.
>> Yeah.
>> They're both lightweight.
>> And this is going to be in the United
[music] Center.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, he's he's so chill.
>> He's gonna be in the center of the
United Center in a couple days.
>> He rocks.
>> Yeah, he seems
>> he's very very active on uh socials.
>> Like he tweets a lot. He responded my my
tweet once.
>> Uh oh. Nick's Mike.
>> How old is he, TJ?
>> He's 26,
something like that.
>> We just had him on uh the [music]
stretch. He was great.
>> Oh, nice.
>> That would be a great time to bring up
Mr. Hands.
>> Dude, I [laughter] I had no idea.
>> That was awesome.
He should have
>> knows all about the stretch.
>> There we go. All right.
>> There we go.
>> Boom.
>> Do you think his trainer is like, "What
is he doing?" Or maybe a little worried.
>> Well, it helps the weight cut, right? A
little bit.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Oh,
>> right. Fighters and
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> Yeah. But he said like every time he
goes to the octagon, he's like, "Fuck.
just like I got to get hit in the face.
>> Yeah, it's just like
>> Yeah, it's a lot.
>> Yeah. I mean,
>> if you look at it from just a job
standpoint, it's got to be the worst
job.
>> Get beat up.
>> Big payoff for a quick amount of time.
Well, then they work forever to get
there.
>> Is it? So,
>> oh,
>> is that all of these guys shoot like
this?
>> It must
doing this, too. I was wondering if it's
like a T-Rex arms kind of thing where
they work out so much and they're so
taut that they don't have the
>> It must be something with
>> You know what I mean?
>> I [laughter]
I mean
>> muscle movement.
>> He might be right.
>> To be fair, I fight as well as he shoots
a basketball.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Tradeoff. Trade off.
>> I think it's just they know they can't
get made fun of, so they just Nobody
ever corrects them ever.
>> Are his arms going to get gooned out
>> or is it like gooned out?
>> You shoot. Oh my god. [laughter]
>> We're reaching problem territory.
>> He needs those arms.
>> I want to
>> I want him to do good. He's so likable.
>> I want to go help him, but I don't know
where to [laughter]
know what to do.
>> Is he shooting threes?
>> Move him up.
>> Move him up. Scoot him up. Brandon,
>> you're doing great.
>> You got to help him. Martin,
>> is it bad if his opponent sees him do an
underhand granny throw?
>> No, we got to bring that back.
>> Who's he fighting?
behold the
>> perfect.
>> Bet Alex Hernandez would be even worse.
So
>> agreed.
>> The worse you are at shooting a
basketball, the better fighter you are.
>> Yep. It's actually
>> Jeff Dan is a trained killer. [laughter]
>> He's not allowed on planes.
>> Don't [ __ ] with sass. [laughter]
>> But he's been fighting since he was
eight. This guy.
>> Yeah. face.
>> It's like he ain't shooting hoops.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. It's just fast. You don't expect
him to be a sharpshooter. It's just more
for a guy who has total control of his
body to seemingly have no control of his
body.
>> There we go. Come this way.
>> Come back. Come back.
>> See,
>> you're still have a good time. It's
under.
>> All right. You just need 10 of these
total to answer. Then you're good.
>> Any order. any order at all. And you can
answer like one and two from each one or
whatever.
>> Colors of a rainbow.
>> There we go.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh, blue.
>> Yeah, that would be one.
>> There's one. Go.
>> 10. 10 colors.
>> No. 10 total of on this board. So,
>> okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like
>> just keep naming colors.
>> Colors of the rainbow.
>> And Yeah. We got violet. Is violet on
there? And
>> red, yellow, orange.
>> Mhm.
>> Green.
should do it.
>> Let's see.
>> Uh, Nordic countries, eight of them.
>> Uh, Sweden. Uh,
dang, Norway.
>> Need one more.
>> Um,
>> you know, a Jewish holiday.
>> I do. Hanukkah is a good one. Passover.
The bonuses. Uh,
>> can TJ spell it? TJ.
>> Hey, time. Time.
>> I wouldn't have spelled that right.
>> 514's really good.
>> Thank you.
3 2 1 go.
>> Make it back.
>> Sturdy.
>> All right. Not for real.
>> I want him to do well really bad.
>> Two. He's a man.
>> Oh no.
>> He's the pride of the southside.
>> A little faster.
>> Uhoh.
>> You were super athletic.
>> Uh-oh. Uh-oh.
>> Oh no.
>> Sam, you got to go after this and just
show them how it's
>> I would never do that.
>> Oh, this. They're not moving. He's built
a wall. No, you doing all right.
>> This is bad.
>> Oh, this is not good.
>> All right. Uh, when do we leave?
>> Yeah, we got to get off the wall.
>> Brandon,
>> clear him off.
>> Brandon, what are you doing off?
Brandon, get you clear him off for
everybody else.
>> This is that home cooking. Oh [ __ ] He
was just like He was talking about how
he was a hotthead.
>> No, he's f It takes everybody this long.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. Still my champion.
>> Left foot. Oh, Connor. Nice. Connor.
Connor.
>> Nice ball. Oh, it's power.
>> Holy [ __ ]
>> He can't control himself. You get closer
now.
>> Brandon's doing a [ __ ] job of telling
him what he can.
>> Yeah, Brandon, you're not doing good.
>> He gets off on it.
>> Whoa.
>> Kick his ass.
>> Kick his actual body there.
>> All right.
>> So cool.
>> Yeah.
>> Studio.
>> Oh. Oh, no.
>> No. This
looks like you didn't know what
>> Oh, no.
>> What you don't got it? No glove.
>> This is one of our first lefties, right?
>> Oh,
>> and our last
>> I don't know if he's a lefty.
>> Yeah, he might just be [laughter]
>> I think he's Yeah,
>> it's up. Good call, Titus. That was a
good coach. Usually balls with his
hands.
>> He was uh
>> Yeah, he was standing like facing.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, he was neither sure which way to
Okay. I'm overjoyed that he's smiling.
>> Yeah. If he's going to beat up one of
us, it's going to be me and I'm going to
be hard.
>> Yeah. Glasses.
>> Might be glasses. [laughter]
>> One of the two glasses. He's going to
That's chum in the water.
>> There's only one glasses that I see.
[laughter]
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Uh-oh. Oh. Fighter shooting ball.
Basketball is never good.
>> No.
>> Yeah.
>> Count it.
>> Oh, he's not bad though. No, he's got
form in all these.
>> He's adjusting.
>> I just call him [ __ ]
[laughter]
>> These are girl balls, dude. No, they're
not.
>> Just said these are girl balls.
>> They might be girl balls.
>> That was very progressive of him.
>> That was
>> I bet this guy says some crazy [ __ ]
>> Yeah. [laughter]
The cage fighter from the south side.
Yeah.
>> Yeah, I bet. [laughter]
>> I want to pick his brain, man.
>> I've always wanted to ask one of these
guys how they would kill him, man.
>> Stomp the head.
>> Stomp the head. Easy.
>> Imagine him stomping your head. Uh, I
don't know what to do now. I don't know
what to do in this game.
>> Giving you the pumpkin treatment.
>> [ __ ]
>> He could definitely kill me the fastest.
>> No, I think it'd be me cuz I'd be so my
heart would pop. Brandon, what do we do?
>> And then Danny Brandon, you make the
ball.
>> Nick.
>> Oh my god.
>> Come on, bully.
>> KB, I think you'd be hard to kill.
>> I would be hard to kill.
>> I feel like you're like a wiggler. Like
you'd really put up a
>> There we go.
>> One more. Oh my god, I feel so anxious
[laughter] right now.
>> All right, I feel nothing.
>> This feels bad.
There we go.
>> All right.
>> Okay.
>> Smells great.
>> One person whose job it is to keep male
porn actors aroused on set. Who gets
people hard on set?
>> Four seasons of the year.
>> Okay.
>> Four seasons of the year. You got it.
>> Oh, just shot them off.
>> Summer, fall.
>> There you go. Spring.
>> Yep. Nice. Bingo.
>> Nailed it.
>> Who gets people hard on a porn set?
>> Yeah, we want to focus.
>> Women.
>> Well, who knows?
>> It's a big world. Uh,
>> states that border Canada,
>> um, Detroit.
>> So, like Maine and Michigan,
>> Michigan,
>> Washington,
>> Washington.
>> Good answer.
>> Illinois.
>> Should be. They must have made a
mistake.
>> One of the Wisconsin
>> NFL teams with the least wins.
>> Seven actors in the community.
>> 20 years.
>> In the last in the last 20 years.
>> Yeah. So, add NFL team.
>> You already said Detroit.
Oh, five NBA players to get their talent
stolen in Space Jam.
>> Oh, uh, Charles Barkley,
>> Charles Oakley.
>> Um,
>> Dang. [clears throat]
>> Oh, Michael Jordan.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Or now tech.
>> The little guy.
>> Uh, Mosley.
>> Close.
>> Mosy Bose. Yep. There you go. Bingo.
Yep. I think you only need one more now.
>> North Dakota.
>> Nice.
>> All right. Nice. [laughter]
Oh,
>> got C5.
>> That's a good score,
>> bro. That's a terrible score.
>> No, it's really good.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> Here we go.
>> All right. Uhoh. Uhoh. Uhoh.
>> Uhoh.
>> Oh. Oh no.
>> Oh no. [snorts]
>> Oh. Airbag.
>> Got it.
>> Oh [ __ ] Oh [ __ ]
>> Oh [ __ ]
>> He was talking kind of cocky.
>> Oh no.
>> Didn't he approach you about doing the
gauntlet?
>> Well, no. I was just like, "No, you want
to do the gauntlet before I even
explain." He's like, "Yeah,
>> let's go."
>> This is catastrophe.
>> Oh, let him [laughter] restart.
>> I don't know, man.
>> Oh, no.
>> No. No. This is good. It's It's right.
>> Good assist.
[laughter]
>> I mean, you got to get one in.
>> Oh, he's falling apart. [laughter]
>> Ari,
>> this is my favorite.
>> What is happening?
>> What are you doing? I don't know.
[laughter]
>> Oh no.
>> He won't act like that.
>> Is this [laughter] the worst?
>> I mean, some
>> The big cat was like doing trivia. Yeah.
>> Oh my god.
>> Something to think about.
>> Also very amazed.
>> I think you just got to call a game you
can't play. [laughter]
>> Oh my god.
>> We're on dowo watch.
>> We're on dowo watch officially.
>> Ari, this is NOT
>> lefty [laughter]
down.
>> Okay.
This is
>> all right. You can shoot from anywhere.
[laughter]
>> Brandon playing Final Destination,
>> dude. He was like, "Can I can I
>> Yep. Yep. Base, you're in. You're good.
You're good." Baseball.
>> Can I smoke a cigarette during this?
>> Maybe he wanted that as the loophole.
Like, I was smoking a sick.
>> Oh,
>> good hack, though. Good contact. Oh,
>> close
direct hit.
>> Okay,
>> nice bunt.
>> Run it out. Oh, [laughter]
>> I guess the good news for Ari is that
he's going to just leave the country for
a long time.
>> That's good. Yeah.
>> Oh.
>> Oh, no.
>> And this is a lot of screen time.
>> Oh no.
>> Why did he agree to this?
>> He should, right?
>> He was like, "Yeah, I'm in."
>> Kobe cheering right now.
>> I believe he was a NCAA golfer.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Was he?
>> I don't know. I could be wrong.
>> There it is. No.
>> Oh, no. Oh, it's not. It's not there.
>> No [ __ ]
>> There it is.
>> Oh, still.
>> Uh, you didn't beat Sam Talons time.
>> It's still
>> Do that again.
>> There it is. Football.
>> Football. Football. Throw.
>> No.
Oh, no. Step up a little.
>> This We might be breaking yesterday's
live stream record already.
Oh,
>> like he wanted to know Sam's record.
Like it's crazy that
>> so many people have done worse than
this.
>> Yeah.
>> How?
>> Right.
>> It actually isn't that outside of the
cornhole.
>> We've gotten fives and
>> Here come the air balls.
>> The trivia be an extra minute easily
though.
>> He seems to know things.
>> Oh, [laughter] that was He just tried to
walk off a full
What would you call that, Titus? When
you swish without [music] underneath.
>> Yeah, Titus.
>> Oh, I don't know if there's a term for
that.
>> I just call it a polar swish.
>> A polar swish. Oh, I like that.
Southside [laughter] swish.
>> Come on.
>> Polar swish.
>> Yay.
>> Yeah, he's going to probably beat Cam
Newton.
>> Kobe.
Oh, Kobe.
>> Yay. Trivia. Trivia. Trivia. Sit down.
>> Here we go.
>> The worst time.
>> Five states to border the Pacific Ocean.
That's easy. Oregon, Washington, Hawaii,
Alaska, California.
>> Four teams in the AFC East. That's easy.
Uh the Bills, Bengals, Dolphins.
[laughter] I hate the AFC. Uh, [ __ ]
Bengals.
>> [ __ ]
>> Dolphins. You got
>> Dolphins.
>> Four. Four colors of Starburst.
>> Uh, yellow.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh, strawberry. What are we talking
about?
>> That's the Yeah, the color.
>> Strawberry, cherry. No, no, no. Those
are flavor. Color.
>> Yellow, pink, red.
>> Yeah.
>> 448.
>> Insane.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> Dude, I could I could hang out with an
Irish guy forever. Yeah. I don't know.
They might get [ __ ] annoying.
>> Yeah.
>> Good. Good. [laughter]
Maybe a little bit.
>> But New Zealand.
>> Oh, baseball. Oh, no.
>> It wasn't in.
>> It wasn't in. Never mind.
New Zealand. Yeah.
>> Oh, their accents.
>> And you're right. He did say South
Africa though. I know.
>> Got it right the first time. The way we
want.
>> De.
>> I loved Flight of the Concords.
>> I did too. It's my favorite show. And
>> so cup thing makes sense now.
>> Uhoh.
>> Yeah, the Irish men's rugby team, too.
Well, no, actually, I think they're
really [ __ ] good.
>> Oh. Oh.
>> Oh. Uhoh.
That was a good run. Whoa. I'm happy
that uh he just has had cuz I thought
for for some reason I thought Colum was
like literally Sass's like one friend
>> and turns out he's the exact same.
>> Yeah. Not even close.
>> There it is. That counts.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. That hit the the thing this the
top.
>> Oh no. This is KB. This is our show.
Just going to Europe [music] and having
him throw [ __ ]
>> This is it right here. This is the first
episode and it's working.
>> This is good.
>> Hey, throw this.
A KB and Big Cat show.
>> Travel.
>> That would take off.
>> It really would. That's just all it is.
We just go to a park. Hey, throw this.
>> Yeah. [laughter] Launch it.
>> Would a baseball just go launched in
public?
>> Yeah. Did he put just a baseball
>> a baseball in the middle of the town
square?
>> No.
>> He warned us.
>> He did.
>> Kate, has Has has Dancing with the Stars
taken like a big PR turn? I feel like it
used to be where you go and like your
career's dead, but now everyone's hyping
it up.
>> Now it's [music] a big big deal to get
on it. Yes.
>> Really? What changed?
>> What happened?
>> I think
I think people [music] love that [ __ ]
show so much. like they love that show.
>> There it is.
>> That that like
>> you couldn't make fun of it for being
lame because so many people were
watching and be becoming obsessed with
the dancers.
>> Okay, so now actual stars are going on,
not just people struggling.
>> Yeah.
>> Interesting.
>> They still get some interesting charact.
But I think Alex Earl was
>> bad shot that he's never done.
Like, yeah. I don't think he's ever shot
a basketball and it's actually not that
bad.
>> That makes sense.
>> He's got a good hand. That's the ace.
>> Yeah, it's pretty good.
Titus, [music] you think it's bad for to
teach my kid, at least when he's
younger, to to shoot with two hands
>> cuz like he can't get the ball up.
>> Yeah.
>> I struggle with that cuz like I
>> tough. Yeah. I want him to try to get I
want him to get the ball up to the hoop.
>> What if he Yeah, if he shoots normal,
he's not going to get the ball up and
then he's just going to be discouraged
play basketball at all,
>> right?
>> Yeah,
>> that's probably fine until
>> until he gets a little strength.
>> Fifth grade or so.
>> Great.
>> Yeah.
>> All right.
>> All right. Here we go.
>> That must be a record.
>> Nine countries beginning with the letter
P.
>> Uh Poland.
>> There it is.
>> Um Philippines. Yep. Six colors on the
flag of South Africa.
>> Six colors on uh green,
>> yellow.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
am I supposed to be answering all of
these?
>> No. No. Just 10 total. So, three most
populated cities in Canada. Or if you
see a topic that you're really good at.
>> Two of the primary
>> most populated cities in Canada.
>> Yeah.
>> Vancouver, Toronto.
Um I'm going guess [snorts] Montreal.
Popular condiments in the US.
>> Ketchup,
mayonnaise,
>> jelly,
>> or peanut butter, maybe.
>> Um, what else we got?
>> Oh, one more. Give us one more.
>> Chinese zodiac animal.
>> Huh?
>> Oh. Uh, dog, rabbit, goat.
>> There it is.
>> 438. Not bad.
>> Not bad at all. Really?
>> You beat SAS.
>> All things considered,
>> you did beat SAS. Three, two, one, go.
>> Oh.
>> Uhoh.
>> Oh, there we go.
>> Here we go.
>> Yes.
>> Does the goal look tinier to you?
>> It's closer.
>> Does he not use his hand?
>> Looks smaller, too.
>> I don't think he wants to use his hand.
Oh, there we go.
>> Oh,
>> that wasn't bad from Connor. Yeah,
>> that was good.
>> Kids got potential. gone.
>> That's it.
>> Oh, Jay, get these back. [laughter]
>> The best.
>> He's not even trying to throw it to
>> get these back. [laughter]
>> That go through. No.
>> No.
>> [laughter]
>> Jesus Christ.
What? Who am I? Bernie, this is crazy.
>> Oh no.
>> Oh god.
>> This is where we need new Will Compton.
Just y'all stay in it.
>> Oh yeah.
>> He's the eight.
>> That's his
>> When's Will get here? Stay in it.
>> Uh four. J faster faster.
This is embarrassing. [laughter]
>> Yeah, they went over.
>> I feel like he's not even
>> He's not aiming.
>> It's
[laughter]
this is right.
>> Watch the Rolex. [laughter]
>> Watch the Rolex.
Oh man. Uhoh.
>> He's done this before. I must not have
been here. I would love to see
>> Ronald try it as well.
>> Oh yeah.
>> 6 minutes 9 seconds last time.
>> Oh, okay.
>> Okay. So, he's crushing it.
>> Oh,
>> right here.
>> I missed the gauntlet.
>> Yeah, too.
Oh gosh.
[laughter]
>> So close.
>> My body.
>> Jerry was a D1 athlete.
>> What'd he play?
>> Really?
>> Fencing.
>> Ah,
>> really? I just got him my equipment.
>> Let's go. Sit down. Sit down. Sit down.
>> Oh, you got fencing equipment under
three minutes.
>> All right.
[panting]
>> Four US states to border Mexico.
>> States that border Mexico.
>> Yeah.
>> Texas, Arizona.
>> More?
>> Yeah. Four.
>> Texas, Arizona, California,
uh, Louisiana.
>> It's a layout.
>> Uh, Texas, Arizona.
>> Oh, here we go. Yeah. Eight names of the
actors for the following characters.
Screech.
>> Uh um Dustin Diamond, AC Slater.
>> Uh um we were just talking about a Mario
Lopez. Very good-looking.
>> Kelly Kapowski. Um that is going to be
um pass.
>> Okay. Uh five forms of a verb.
>> Oh, Kelly Kapowski, the girl from strip
te's.
>> The five forms of a verb. 10 most
advertised brand in the US.
>> Steve Urkel.
>> Seven basic geometric forms. 11 MLB
teams with two letters.
>> Seven basic geometric forms. Square,
triangle.
>> Here we go.
>> Uh octagon. Oh, I was wrong. Circle.
That would be it. Who plays
>> rectangle? Uh uh. Um um
I don't know. Come on. Next.
>> Who plays Tanga?
>> Oh, toa. That's um my friend is married
to her. Um
>> Jensen.
>> Uh Jensen Karp. Um
>> close to Karp. Uh, oh god, I don't I
don't know. Uh,
>> Joey Gladstone.
>> Do you know
>> who's Joey Gladstone? Is that a state
that's like bordering Mexico?
>> 11 MLB teams with two letters on their
logo.
logo. Tampa Bay, New York Yankees, New
York Mets. LA Dodgers.
>> Got it.
>> 4:30.
>> Yes.
>> Significantly better than your last
time.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> Here we go.
>> All right. One more.
Oh, come on, Deutsch. There you go.
Oh,
>> he's still mysterious to me.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah.
>> I wanted to ask more and then I was
like, "No, don't. I don't want to."
>> It's all right, Ronnie. Not good.
>> It's okay.
>> There we go. Soccer.
Oh,
hot one.
>> Oh, that was off target.
>> You
kicked anyway.
>> Oh, Connor going heal.
>> Oh, Connor. [laughter]
>> There it is.
>> Scared.
>> He's a little bit of a scaredy-cat.
>> Oh.
What sport did he play in college?
>> Basketball.
>> There it is.
>> He's got a good stroke.
I've got a child's mind.
trivia.
>> Here we go.
>> Nine teams to start with the letter P.
NFL, MLB, and NBA.
>> Five burrows of New York City.
>> All right, I can just go go to town.
>> Yeah, you can go anywhere you want.
>> 10 total.
>> So like
>> states with two words. So like cities
were like Philadelphia Eagles.
>> Yeah, just say them.
>> Phoenix Suns
>> probably no teams [clears throat] names
like the Pirates.
>> Oh, Pirates.
>> There it is. Nice. Good job. You know,
burrows of New York City.
>> Uh, I really don't.
>> US state.
>> US states with two words.
>> New York.
>> Yep.
>> South Dakota. North Dakota.
Um,
>> it's a good start.
>> Can we move on?
>> Yeah, you want to school there.
>> Three leading causes of death in 2021.
>> You're from heart disease, cancer
>> from
>> You said you went to school in
>> Oh [ __ ]
>> New Hampshire.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> The figure skater who attacked Nancy
Carrian.
>> Kimmy Gibler. [laughter]
You got the teams start with letter P.
>> Um,
>> there's another Pittsburgh or no, no
NHL.
>> There's other states with new in it or
North or South.
>> North Carolina, South Carolina.
>> There it is. You're cooking now.
>> How many do I need? 10.
>> Two more. Two more.
>> All right. What are some of the I can't
see all that well.
>> New York City burrows. Like the main
island. What's that called?
>> Oh, Long Island.
>> No. Um,
>> you know, the Costco.
>> What about
>> Brooklyn?
>> Yeah. Oh, there we go.
>> One more.
>> What's the main one? Where's where it's
uh like downtown New York City
is Wood Island?
>> Oh, that's embarrassing.
>> Yeah.
>> What are some
>> taste?
Kingdoms of life.
>> Four basic primary sensations of taste.
I don't even know. I don't know what
that is.
>> Sensations of taste. How something can
taste.
>> How things can taste.
>> How you can describe taste.
>> Um, [laughter]
>> close.
>> Try a te.
>> I think you got mascots starting with P.
Team names.
>> Um, yeah.
Or
>> you know the Costco guys what their
names are, right?
>> Justice.
>> Yeah.
>> How would you describe Justice?
Did you say he's small or big justice?
>> Yeah, Ronnie.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> All right, here comes Sam.
>> Oh. Oh.
Oh.
>> Nice.
>> Yes. All right. Soccer. Let's see.
>> Oh, no.
>> Conor. Oh. [laughter]
>> Oh my god. Conor,
>> he's never done this. Well,
>> oh. [laughter]
>> Oh my god. What an [ __ ]
>> HE'S going
to move.
>> All right. There we go.
>> He's a pen skater [laughter] like that.
Oh, well, you better be nicer to me
then.
>> Yeah.
>> The toss to do that looks hard.
>> Ow.
>> Yeah, it's a little toss.
>> There you go. Oh. Oh,
>> very close.
Whiffle balls don't travel great.
>> No,
>> you only have to hit it just above this
level. So, it's not like a You don't
have to crush it.
>> But still, like a whiffle ball doesn't
move that fat like
>> Yeah, there we go.
>> There it is.
>> Oh,
>> why does it keep hitting? What's up
there? Oh, the roof.
>> Uhoh. [laughter]
>> We've never had a hit off the double
bounce.
>> One. I think the worst part about this
is Stephen just saying it's okay.
>> Yeah, it does.
>> It's okay. You're fine.
>> Oh, lefty.
>> Who would win in a soccer match? A team
[music] of the best goalies or a team of
the best non-goalies?
>> That's a great question. I know the
answer to that.
>> Thank you.
>> Um I'm going to go goalkeepers.
>> I feel like Right. Cuz it's so much
>> cuz we can keep it out. you would get
>> and then I think
>> nothing scored on. So yeah, I think we
could also
>> What's the longest goal you've scored?
>> The longest goal?
>> Yeah. Have you scored one from like
half?
>> She she's a goal.
>> Oh, I know. Like when a goalie like
sometimes you guys kick it and like and
no one will be back or has that happened
to you?
>> You don't celebrate, right?
>> No.
>> That's like the thing code is like you
don't if a goalie scored supposed to
like apologize all
>> the goal. Has that has have you had a
long one scored on you? Um maybe in like
high school I remember I played in some
really windy places right
>> where all of a sudden it gets like
>> um gets kind of crazy.
>> Yeah. Wasn't there a crazy Was that Was
that your guys game in Soldier Field?
Was there a crazy wind?
>> Pretty windy around here.
>> Um Oh, I do remember watching that.
>> Yeah, I don't remember.
>> I think it was the fire. It wasn't us.
>> Yeah, it just like carried and carried.
>> It was wild.
No, it's always pretty hard to play.
>> Are you from Pennsylvania?
>> I'm from Connecticut. So, nice.
Pennsylvania. Well, I was in Boston for
five week five years.
>> Absurd about rebounders.
>> I was always been in cold places.
>> Yeah. Soccer. Soccer. Playing soccer in
a cold can't be fun.
>> No. Like when you take a one off like
the thigh or something like the
>> the ball like it they get like overly
hard and plasticky just not
>> Do you have an EPL team?
>> Um not specifically. I just kind of like
watching play all of them. It's fun to
just like have it on. I got to go on the
um they were here in Chicago last year
doing a live show their Premier League
morning.
>> Oh yeah.
>> Which was really fun
>> to go down and do. They did over in
Lincoln Park.
>> Yeah. Yeah, I remember. I think we had
some people show up for that. We got
some soccer fans.
>> Jeez.
>> Let's go, Sam.
>> Come on, Sam.
>> There's certain people.
>> There we go.
>> Here you go, Sam.
[applause]
>> MMA fighters and soccer players.
>> Yeah, right here. Sit right here. Sit
right here.
>> Eight countries bordering.
>> 12 zodiac signs.
>> Zodiac signs. 12.
>> Just rattle off a few.
>> Aquarius, Pisces, Aries.
>> Nice. Gemini, Taurus.
>> Capricorn,
>> Starburst flavors,
>> Virgo, Libra.
>> Oh, you got them all. She's got it.
>> Sagittarius.
>> Yeah, she got them all.
>> I don't know what all of those are.
>> I'm sick.
>> Uh,
>> do I have all of them?
>> Yeah. Strawberry flavors. Just in case.
Oh, no. You got it. Good. Four.
>> Wow. You crushed that
>> basketball little trick.
>> You know your zodiac sign.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, no.
>> It's not a bad time.
>> Got cancer.
>> No, that was a good time. No, that was
that wasn't great.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> Here we go, Kennedy.
>> Oh my god. Yeah.
>> Let's go.
Oh, nice.
>> With the Jordans. Don't scuff them.
>> You can kick from anywhere.
>> She has to score one here.
>> Yeah,
>> but you can go in from anywhere.
>> Almost. Uhoh.
>> Let's [laughter]
There it is.
>> Yeah.
This is awesome.
>> She's a natural. Get it. Wait a minute.
>> Oh,
>> you got this.
[laughter]
>> You got this. Eye on the ball.
>> Still under a minute.
>> Eye on the ball. Kennedy,
>> we've had a few people just give up
halfway through.
>> Yeah, she won't give up.
>> No, not that she won't. She'll get it.
>> But I'm just saying she might feel like
she's not, but she's doing great.
>> There it is.
>> Oh no.
>> Almost.
>> It hit a rafter.
>> Uh-oh.
>> You can do it.
>> I'm sure it softens the blow to [music]
have an Olympic medal. So
>> yeah, for sure.
>> This is fine.
>> She's pretty dang good at what she does.
>> Follow her on Insta. You can do it. You
can do it.
>> Yeah. This is
>> Brandon, [music] do something.
>> This is the panic room, man.
>> Do something.
>> Brandon, you got to You got to
>> there. Wait. Yes.
>> Yeah. Never give up.
>> There you go.
>> Put the the pole.
>> Oh, she's got this.
>> Oh, Guido, you're going to get smoked in
this one.
>> Is this not Is [laughter] this not your
forte?
Oh, you can do this.
>> Nice.
>> Did it go through? I went through bounc.
>> You got it. You got it.
>> Wrestlers do a ton of cardio, right? Cuz
it's like super tiring.
>> Yeah. You don't really have a choice.
>> I think it's too hard. [laughter]
>> Takes away from the excitement. When
guys are dead in the third period,
you're not going to get the best action.
I think wrestling should be uh more easy
cardio-wise.
>> Yeah. But you see at the at the highest
level, guys don't get tired. It's just
more of a slow match because there's so
much technicality to
>> But you guys get tired. Tired.
>> You definitely get tired, but you're
both the same amount of tired.
>> All right, we got trivia. You got to get
10 total, right?
>> Here we go.
>> Um, eight bear species in the world.
>> 10 rattle teams in California.
>> Polar bear, uh, grizzly bear, black
bear, brown [sighs] bear. Is that a
>> That's good. Yeah.
>> Uh, I was going to say teddy bear.
[laughter]
>> Give it a shot.
>> No teddy.
>> Pro sports teams in California. So,
think LA.
>> Oh my god.
>> San Francisco.
>> Um,
>> you only
>> football.
>> Let's do flavors of Skittles.
>> There we go.
>> Flavors [laughter] of Skittles. Um, we
have cherry.
>> Uh, oh shoot. [laughter] Lime.
>> Lemonade. Pretty sure orange.
Is there like raspberry? Is that the
pink one?
>> One more.
>> It's good. Let's see.
>> Oh my gosh. Blueberry.
>> WNBA.
>> Like the good flavor.
>> WNBA teams. Um,
>> three members of Chicago
Fever.
>> Three face cards in poker.
So like the blank of hearts and it's
it's a dude instead of a number.
[laughter]
>> On the right track. Yeah. Um,
>> it's like a royal
>> um
>> member
>> king.
>> Yeah.
>> Joker.
>> There it is.
>> Oh, nice.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> What's Mina do?
>> I think I don't know that.
>> Can you pee on his pants again?
>> Oh, he might a little bit.
>> Sorry.
>> You're good.
>> So close
up there. to like stare down the Oh,
he's still IN THE BACK.
>> OH, THERE HE IS.
>> Is that Owen in goal?
>> It is Owen Lockwood.
>> He's a great guy.
>> I like him a lot. He's
>> a huge help on a new video me, Kyle, and
Donnie have coming out Sunday.
>> Yep.
>> Uh Mythbusters style video called Doing
the Most.
>> What time? Sunday?
>> 11 Central, 12 Eastern.
>> Can't wait to see it.
P or A.
>> Uh-huh.
>> Uh, A.
>> Baseball.
>> He's just been coming into Kate and
Friends and giving me clips. Very
helpful.
>> Oh, football.
>> Casual way to drop Kate and Friends on
everybody.
>> Are dwindling.
>> Knocking that thing down.
>> Once they found out about the fingers
though, Kate, you're going up. It's on
the way up.
>> Yeah.
>> Is this the one Sass quit on?
>> Probably.
>> Yeah, I'm not doing that. [laughter]
>> I'm not doing
>> Titus. You know, ever since you did your
impression of me and Kyle, I've tried to
stop saying yes.
>> Very very conscious of how I say.
>> Are you [ __ ] kidding me? Cuz I did it
on Rudy's stream. I was like, you
sounded like Titus being you.
>> I'm so sorry. [laughter]
>> Want to hear it? I stopped saying yeah.
>> No, I retired the question. I don't do
it anymore.
>> It's out there. Uh,
>> yep. Trivia.
>> I retired it. I did. I I didn't.
>> You're under two minutes. Great time.
Great time.
>> I didn't know that power I held.
>> LeBron James, Michelle Obama,
>> six NFL teams that start with the letter
B.
>> Broncos,
Bills.
>> Didn't know there were six.
>> Harry Potter books,
>> five liquors in a Long Island iced tea.
Wait, do I have to go in or any order?
Literally skip around anything. Uh,
>> flavors of Starburst. Yellow, red,
orange.
>> Those are colors, baby. [laughter]
>> But that's all that matters.
>> Let me get back to the NFL.
>> Uh, [sighs]
never mind.
>> Periodic table elements with one letter.
Does that do anything for you?
>> Xylophone. Xylophone. Number one.
>> Instrument starting with X.
>> Yeah,
>> there you go.
>> Hell yeah. How many have to get?
>> Who is Alec married to? Five more.
>> Ben Affleck, JLo, and JLo again.
[laughter]
>> This is literally got to be right.
>> I don't think so.
>> Uh, Harry Potter books.
>> I don't know those.
>> Nothing.
>> Um,
>> Colors of Brazil flag.
>> The villains in these movies. Austin
Powers.
>> The lady with the the machine gun tits.
>> Wow.
>> Oh, no.
>> Bimbot. Yes. But
>> Lion King.
>> Child's punch.
>> Oh, the flavor. You can get the flavors
of Starburst.
>> So, well, there's orange,
>> fruit punch, strawberry.
Three
>> yellow.
>> Three more.
>> Um,
>> two. Two more
>> yellow
>> NFL teams. Who would a guy from
Neighborville cheer for?
>> Lemon. He said
>> Bears. [laughter]
>> And TJ, he said Lemon.
>> Not that it matters.
>> Who else? Who else?
>> Oh,
happiest countries in the world.
>> Do you know the villain in Nightmare on
Elm Street?
>> One element that exists in the world.
>> The villain in Jaws. Any element will
do. Probably
>> just start naming liquors. Lickers in a
Long Island iced tea.
>> Five liquors. Rum. Gin.
>> There we go.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> He said he was nervous about the
basketball shot.
>> Do we think he's going to be able to get
the basketball shot?
>> Mark, I don't.
>> He's a He's a competitive hail hay
baler.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> What? He He won the the stolen hay bale
toss.
>> Yeah, I think he had the record or
something like that. That's sick.
>> What do we have here that's comparable
to a hay bale? We could have him.
>> Uh-oh. Oh gosh.
>> Spider.
>> Yeah.
>> Let me throw spider across the
>> It's not a good start.
>> No.
>> Oh yeah, he's still going.
>> Oh, he's beating himself up about it,
too.
Oh no. Oh.
>> Oh, he's kind of giving up.
>> Don't give up, Dunk.
>> You got it.
>> Come on.
>> There it is.
>> His legs are massive.
>> Right.
>> There we go.
>> Okay.
>> That's in.
>> He's like walking like the Terminator.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> P1000
down a hallway.
Oh,
>> it's going to break the bat.
>> He does everything at 100% if it's
swinging the [laughter]
>> That one hit someone.
>> Oh,
>> he's a lineman. Give him some grace.
It's got to be awesome to feel that
strong all the time,
>> right?
>> He squats over like 700 lb.
>> Yeah. Just walking around and just like
I'm so much stronger than you.
>> How many years you
>> I got one. I found one. Is it?
>> Yeah. I was planning on going out last
year. Um
>> but decided to stay one more year.
>> That's not a bad shot.
>> Oh, it's pretty good.
>> He'll get this.
>> Hey,
>> there it is.
>> Look at him. He's just [laughter]
>> every new thing is like what? Uhoh.
>> Like Brendan Frasier of the Jungle.
[laughter]
>> And the sequel to the Jungle was just as
good.
>> Yeah,
>> it was. I liked that.
>> Right here.
>> You have a good time.
>> You're doing well.
>> Go to the Jungle, too.
>> You're doing really well.
>> It's a trivia time.
>> Oh, can I answer any of them?
>> Yeah, any of them.
>> Three primary colors. Uh,
>> blue, red, green.
Okay. Do you know chess pieces?
>> Green not on there.
>> Five top hardware stores.
>> Oh, you got to know hardware stores.
>> 2025.
>> He better stores.
>> Go. Ace, Lowe's, Menards.
>> There we go.
>> What else do we got?
>> Home Depot.
>> Is that five?
>> That was not on there.
>> Uh,
>> what else? Uh,
>> richest men.
>> Oh,
>> maybe one of them.
>> 10 most valuable American sports teams.
>> Just think
>> Cowboys.
>> Yeah, there we go. Yeah, just go along
that.
>> Chiefs, Eagles.
>> Who else is good?
>> Do you think basketball? Baseball.
>> Yeah, like big city teams.
>> Oh, Lakers.
>> Yep.
>> Got that other primary color, too.
>> That was the primary color.
>> Yeah, it wasn't. Uh, was
>> it yellow? I can't remember.
>> It's yellow.
>> There you go. You need one more. Obama's
daughters.
>> No idea.
>> Uh, countries with the most islands.
Just think big country. Long coastlines.
>> Chess pieces.
>> Chess pieces. Do you know any chess
pieces?
>> Oh, there it was a king.
>> Yeah. There we go.
>> Yeah.
>> Got
bad. Not bad.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> Okay.
>> Holy.
>> Right off the bat.
>> Uhoh.
>> Went a little
>> errant. [music]
it.
>> There it is.
>> Knocked the pull over. Kyle, there's
>> looks like scared.
>> I thought he was I glanced out of the
corner of my eye. He looks naked.
>> Sandball.
>> I mean, he was going to nail the
football.
>> I mean, he was playing this koi.
>> Yeah, big time.
>> He's good.
>> This guy's extremely athletic.
[laughter]
>> That would have been great.
Trivia. Trivia.
>> Turn that brain on.
>> Turn the brain on.
>> Activate the brain.
>> NFL teams with most wins. Just think
about teams that have been there
forever.
[laughter]
>> Um, dude, I don't know. I got to go
next.
>> All right. I I'll go cities where the
main campus of the following college is
located. University of Michigan.
>> City. [ __ ] dude. I'm I'm a high school
Colorado.
>> Oh [laughter] [ __ ] High school.
>> Ohio State.
>> Penn State.
>> Largest cats in the world.
>> Uh tiger. Bengal tiger.
>> Here we go.
>> Uh where am I reading? I can't even read
all these.
>> Largest cats in the world.
>> Oh, I got to get
>> No, no, no. You just have to
>> Are you a Star Wars guy?
>> 10.
>> Oh, a Puma.
>> Mhm.
>> I am a Star Wars guy. Where's Star Wars?
>> Titles of Star Wars movies.
>> Revenge of the Sith. Uh I'm going to go
to Cats. A lion. Yep.
>> Uh there. Uh gosh,
>> what's the what's the term for when you
fart out of your vagina?
>> A queef.
>> There we go. [laughter]
>> That I'm not even not even reading the
>> uh just name some old NFL teams like
teams that have been around forever.
>> Uh I don't know. Giants.
>> Yep.
>> Um go.
>> I'm going to go Eagles cuz I like I like
the birds. Go Birds.
>> Yep. That counts.
>> Uh Colts. I don't know. [ __ ] Um I said
Puma. Nobody put that up there. What do
we up there?
>> It's not up there. No chance.
>> Think about [laughter] the team in the
city you're in right now.
>> Saber-tooth Tiger. Does that count?
>> No.
>> You might get in Chicago
team.
>> My man got queef before your favorite
football team. [laughter]
>> Well, who doesn't like a queef?
>> Uh,
why am I forgetting all the Star Wars
movies? I love Star Wars.
>> Um,
>> the city you're in, the team that plays.
>> We're in Chicago. I don't know. The
Bears.
>> There you go.
>> Uh,
>> who's your rival?
>> How many do I have?
>> You have seven. Three to go. Three more.
What's the name for [clears throat] a
big ass rock?
>> What would you call it?
>> Boulder.
>> There it is.
>> Colorado. Yeah, Boulder.
>> Okay.
>> Name some big ass American cities. That
might help with the Nickelodeon one.
>> What about a The dude that discovered
America.
>> Dude discovered America.
>> Columbus.
>> Yeah.
>> I need one more.
>> Yes.
>> Yep. One more.
>> Who the hell just said yes?
>> Back in [laughter] the booth.
>> Get us another
>> um ah. Dude, I don't know. I'm dropping
the ball here.
>> Just another old NFL team. Who do the
Bears hate? I don't [ __ ] dude. I
don't watch football. Who the Bears
hate? I'm from New Jersey. I'm a high
school idiot. [laughter]
>> Okay. Uh,
>> one of the teams that plays in New
Jersey.
>> One of the team that plays in New
Jersey. There we go.
>> No.
>> Oh god, you lied to me.
>> You already got Giants.
>> Big American City in New York.
>> Man, I don't know. What do you mean?
[laughter]
>> Um, um, um,
>> uh,
>> let me read these questions. I haven't
read a single question. Names of the
main
>> You just need one more one more Star
Wars movie. Victoria Justice. Uh,
>> Miranda Cosg Gro.
>> There we go. There it is. I wasn't
reading them.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> There we go.
>> All right.
>> Oh, no.
>> There it is.
>> OH, NICE SHOT.
>> YEAH, this would be bad if he doesn't.
>> Why is it going right-handed? Is he not
>> Is he left-handed?
>> Oh, there we go. Uhoh.
>> There it is.
>> Going right. Going right-handed.
>> He's got a good time cooking.
>> There it is.
>> Holy [ __ ]
>> I guess it would make sense. They're
good at throwing.
>> You know what? If you guys beat Big
Cat's time, Danny will eat Brandon's
ass.
>> Yes.
>> Let's have that. Spice it up.
>> Practice. Oh, all right. Oh,
>> holy [ __ ]
Oh, this might be bad for me.
>> Basketball.
>> Yeah.
>> Not a hooper.
>> No, S isn't either.
>> Doesn't appear so [laughter]
hot.
>> The guy's built.
>> Yep. Here we go. Sit right here. Sit
right here. Sit right here so you can
see the screen.
>> You ready?
>> Oh. All right. Let's see. Where do we
got? Do you know six teams in Kembbe?
>> Uh,
>> four teams in AFC West. You got that
easy?
>> AFC West.
>> Yeah. Uh,
>> highest grossing film franchises.
>> Oh, no. [laughter]
Island countries.
>> Just get AFC West, buddy.
>> No AFC West.
>> All right. Uh
>> Oh, this is
>> Chargers.
>> Yep.
>> Uh Niners, no FC. Um
Raiders.
>> Yep.
>> Um
>> eight highest populated island.
>> Five own streams artists on Spotify.
Taylor Swift.
>> Yeah.
>> Nice.
>> Um [sighs]
>> do you know where DBE played? No. Uh, do
you play for Utah?
>> Big characters.
>> No.
>> Oh, man. You're You're going to be
>> Oh my gosh.
>> highest grossing films like franchises.
Big franchises.
>> You got that.
>> Is franchises like
>> like series like a multiple movies
>> like Harry Potter.
>> Uh,
>> cars.
>> Fast.
>> Oh, I thought you
>> Fast and Furious.
>> Superheroes. Fantasy adventure.
>> Any sort of conflict that happens in
space. I don't know. I don't know.
>> Yeah, like a war in space.
>> Stars. An intergalactic.
>> Oh, Star Wars.
>> Yep. [laughter]
>> I feel like I actually kind of know The
Property Brothers.
>> Do you not watch football?
>> No, I do. I just I just don't know the
the
>> le Yeah. Other artists. Uh
>> uh Zack Bryan.
>> No. Who's Who's hot?
>> Who's like a a rap? Maybe a rapper.
Drake. Kendrick.
>> Yeah.
>> Yep.
>> Kendrick.
>> No.
>> Think who wins Super Bowls recently.
>> Um [sighs]
>> for AFC West.
>> No.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Chiefs.
>> Yeah.
>> Really?
>> Didn't [laughter] know that. What am I
at?
>> Blew your mind.
>> What is the nine members one to go on
the quest in what?
>> Lord of the Rings.
>> Is Lord of the Rings a grossing film
franchise?
>> Yeah.
>> Probably.
I guess I had that teed up answer.
>> Uh, Korean cars. Um, one more.
>> Yeah. Uh,
Mitsubishi.
>> No,
>> I think Milwaukee has a problem with
these cars getting stolen.
>> He doesn't know that.
>> Oh, but
there we go.
>> 334.
>> Not bad.
>> Not bad. Three, two, one, go.
Yeah, pretty well. I know.
I mean,
>> he's automatic.
>> Yeah, he's on.
>> He's going to muddle it up, though.
>> There you go. Slide that one out.
>> Yeah, there you go.
>> Boom. Swish.
>> That's it. White Sox Dave in the net.
David hasn't moved.
>> There you go. That orange's got to go at
some point.
>> I
>> boom. And
>> PCA
>> Dave was for sure one of those kids in
high school that was like, "Sockers for
pussies."
>> Oh my god. He still is.
>> Yeah.
>> Says it's a waste of perfectly manicured
grass.
That's I think what he says.
>> Calls them
>> field fairies.
>> And then he probably was like,
>> "Good call, Don."
>> And I'm sure Dave was also like,
"Racross is only for people that can't
play baseball." Oh, nice.
>> Yeah.
>> Baseball issues, but
>> I I think you should go one-handed. That
Yeah,
>> I agree.
>> There he goes. Go. Boom. There you go,
Casey.
>> Nice.
>> Bang.
>> Good time. Still there for sure.
>> See that Jay?
Oh, wow. The behind the leg.
>> See, that's what I'm talking about.
>> Step back.
>> Yep. That's new.
>> Spice it up a little bit.
>> There we go.
your legs.
>> Hit it.
>> There you go.
>> Sit in the sit in this chair
>> here. You want here?
>> You got a good round going. Good round.
>> You're on pace to wow us.
>> You'll be able to crush these.
>> I
>> 11 US presidents whose first name begins
with the letter J.
>> J Edgar Hoover. [laughter]
See, he's we haven't seen that yet.
>> Jeremy Jam, Parks and Wreck.
>> That's a double.
>> Five colors in Magic the Gathering.
>> Red, black, green, white, red.
>> Five planeteer rings in Captain Planet.
>> Nine Matt Damon movies.
>> Most common street name.
>> You played White Socks Dave.
>> I'll do Matt Damon. Goodwill Hunting.
Um, The Talented Mr. Ripley.
Um, [clears throat]
The Martian, Interstellar.
Um, oh, The Departed.
What was that? Five.
>> Interstellar has to be up there. Yep.
>> You already had The Departed.
>> Yeah, that
>> five or
>> two more. Two more total. Uh, uh, street
names.
>> What? What?
>> Most famous street names in the in
America.
>> Oh, uh, Martin Luther King Boulevard.
Just like most common like [laughter]
>> every town has a Yeah. has a Martin
Luther King Boulevard. Elm Street.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
>> there you go.
>> Yep.
>> One more.
>> Come on.
>> Um uh Madison Avenue.
>> Yeah. James Madison.
>> James. [laughter]
>> Main Street.
>> 3:30. Solid time. Solid time.
>> Yes.
>> Okay. Three, two, one, go.
>> Oh. Oh.
So, are you guys rooting for him to do
well or poorly?
>> I want to see him do pretty well. Not a
lot of sense of urgency out of hustle.
>> This is pretty bad so far.
>> Uh-oh.
>> Jesus. This is
>> We're just setting the bar low.
>> Fair. All right. Just knock it in.
>> We're going for Cam Newton's record
here. [laughter]
Yeah.
>> Now we're in trouble.
>> TJ Tam Newton's not the slowest athlete,
right?
>> I think it's
>> Oh.
>> Oh, Paul.
>> Paul Rabel. Yeah.
>> Yep.
>> Soccer.
>> Yeah.
>> Let's chain in front of the camera.
>> Just got a new goalie. It's an intern
trying to get a full-time job.
>> Oh, nice.
>> [ __ ]
>> I think the baseball one's the hardest
one. The bat's so light.
>> He did well.
>> Still
a decent time.
Oh, Brandon's moving.
Yeah.
>> Uh-oh. Uhoh.
>> Which uh which are you guys most worried
about?
>> The baseball.
>> Baseball?
>> Yeah, I think the baseball for me.
>> It's been a while since I've had to
swing a bat, so we'll see. Did you guys
play any other sports in high school?
No.
>> Specialized? Yeah. Year round.
>> I uh I tried to play basketball in
seventh grade. Got cut. Went one and
done and gave it up all together.
>> Yeah.
>> Trivia. Trivia. Go middle chair.
And
10 MLB teams with the most Hall of
Famers.
Famers. Dodgers. Yankees.
Whoa.
>> Mets.
>> Red Sox.
>> Cardinals.
>> That's [snorts] three.
>> Cubs.
>> That's four.
>> You said Dodgers. He did, but it's not
on there.
>> Oh. Uh,
>> what?
>> I know, right?
>> Most spoken languages in the world.
>> Mhm.
>> English.
>> Yeah.
>> There we go.
>> Spanish.
>> Yeah. See,
>> Chinese.
>> Yeah. Oh, but it's got a name. It's like
an orange.
>> You got it. You know it.
>> Starts with M.
>> Mandarin.
>> Yeah. Nice.
>> An [laughter] orange. Uh,
>> all right. We're close. Two names of the
Twin Cities in Minnesota.
>> Minneapolis, St. Paul.
>> There you go.
Uh, bestselling Nintendo 64 games of all
time.
Super Mario
>> Got 3:30.
>> 330 is pretty good.
>> Pretty solid.
>> It's really good.
>> It's not in bed.
>> The cornhole. It was the cornhole.
>> It was your worst one.
>> Cornhole.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> Here we go.
>> Come on.
>> All right.
>> Uhoh.
>> Oh god. Really bad.
>> Count if I knock it in.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh no. What's his position on the team?
>> Out.
>> Center fielder.
>> Center fielder. Okay.
>> Oh no.
>> Dang.
>> Kayla, this is kind of offputting, isn't
it?
>> Dang. [laughter]
>> Said she's getting the A.
>> Some say that toss is the hardest one.
>> Oh no.
>> Oh.
>> Oh. And all the boys are watching. All
the boys.
>> Oh no.
>> You're doing fine, Dane. You're doing
fine.
>> No.
>> Oh.
Oh my gosh.
>> Baseball.
>> Oh, there it is. Easy.
>> Yeah, that's good. There we go.
>> Oh,
>> I'm alive.
>> he throws for a living.
>> Yeah, we're always shocked.
>> No, I'm saying he's missing.
>> Oh, he's getting close.
>> There you go.
>> Here we go.
>> All right. I think it's be a hooper.
>> He was He was warming up.
>> [laughter]
>> That's why
>> he was warming [music] up. Yeah, that's
what it was.
>> Yeah,
>> he's not a
[laughter]
>> I love how competitive this is.
>> He is
>> losing scores. You have to buy dinner.
Come on.
>> You're doing really well. All right,
just 10 total
>> schools in the Big 10 East.
Big 10 East. So like
>> NBA, MLB, NFL teams to play in New York.
>> Uh Mets, uh Jets, Giants.
>> No, that's New Jersey.
>> Oh, think New York.
>> Rangers. [clears throat]
Um
>> not hockey.
>> Not hockey. NBA, NFL.
>> All right. Think of like uh outside of
the city like Josh Allen. [snorts]
>> Uh Bills.
>> Yep.
>> Good hint.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> Damn good hint.
>> Oh, we can do this.
>> All right.
>> Aaron Judge. Yeah,
>> Yankees. Thanks.
>> Just start naming schools in the Big 10
>> that are East
Pennsylvania.
>> We'll go with St. John's. Is that big?
>> All right. All right. All right.
>> No. All right. We're in trouble.
>> Might be in trouble.
>> What's What's the What's the company
with the stock ticker symbol AMZN?
>> Jeez.
>> Amazon.
>> There it is.
>> F. [snorts]
>> Uh, Lululemon.
>> Yeah, there it is.
Fancy gemstones, birthstones, like fancy
jewels.
>> Uh, rhinestone.
[laughter]
>> Uh, Dane, what's
>> you know the corners of the Monopoly
board?
>> No.
>> That prison one.
>> Oh jeez.
>> Do you know the members of
>> direction? [laughter]
Jaylen Brunson.
>> Uh, Villanova.
>> No.
>> Protein. Pro team. [laughter]
>> Pope. Shout out of the Pope.
>> Carmelo Anthony.
>> You don't know any Big 10 schools.
>> Syracuse. Sorry.
>> No. No. No. NBA. NBA.
>> I said Nicks. No.
>> Yeah, there you go.
>> You didn't say it. What's pizza?
>> Pizza.
>> Cook.
>> The Stalk.
>> Dane Cook. [laughter]
>> All right. Who won the National
Championship in football this year in
college football?
>> Ohio State.
>> There it is. Now go off that.
>> Now you're getting to Big 10. Now
>> State.
>> Yep.
>> Uh Michigan.
>> There we go.
>> Uh
>> there we go. Time. Got 29.
>> Not bad. Not bad.
>> Admirable.
>> That was a hard quiz. Three, two, one,
go.
>> Oh my god.
>> On pace.
>> It's on pace.
>> Record.
>> Oh, heaven. Record.
>> Oh, heavens.
>> Oh, he flipped the cap backwards. Oh,
>> still good.
>> No.
>> Oh,
>> yeah.
>> Gone.
>> Wow. He's on pace here, fellas.
>> Under 20.
>> What's his worst sport?
>> Uh, there. Holy [ __ ] I would probably
say hoops, but he is not a bad athlete,
man.
>> This is big.
>> Will he do all right in the trivia?
Yeah, he'll be fine. All right.
>> If he can make one of these like
>> Got to have this. He has to have this
one though to have a chance.
>> Got to be this one right here.
>> Right here.
>> For the record.
>> To have a chance of the record. He's got
to make this one.
>> What about this one? This one's huge. If
he has any prayer, it's got to go right
here.
>> Right here.
>> It's the one.
>> And this next one's do or die.
>> Titus, you're a hoops guy, right?
>> Yeah.
>> You played, right?
>> Yeah. Many years ago.
>> I feel like you should you should have a
record, you know, a shot at the record.
>> I I I finished like fifth, I think.
Okay.
>> Yeah. I I did a decent run once upon a
time.
>> We're just off the podium.
>> Yeah, just off the podium.
>> Okay.
>> I haven't done it in a while, actually.
>> You haven't? 135 marks best time. Who do
you think?
>> Who do you think has the most reps for
the gauntlet?
>> One of us.
>> It's either Big Head or Chay, I think.
>> Yeah, Big Cat or Chay.
>> He's been missing for a while. Got to
have this one right here.
>> To keep the dream alive. I missed it.
>> See, now he's in his head.
>> How long does the trivia usually take?
Like, is it like
>> uh It depends on the pool. It depends on
the draw you get. Sometimes you'll get
the planets or states, rivers,
>> right?
>> And then sometimes you can get stumped.
>> And it's just it's just 10 total.
>> Yes. Yes.
>> There we go.
>> All right. All right.
>> That that was good coaching, Titus.
>> You're hot now.
Ultimate follow through.
Yep. Trivia.
>> Trivia.
>> Still got plenty of time.
>> NHL teams located in Canada. Edmonton
Oilers,
Vancouver Conucks, Toronto Maple Leafs,
[ __ ] a Ottawa Senators,
Montreal Canadians.
What the [ __ ] Uh,
Calgary Flames [gasps]
and uh, there's one more.
>> Team Shaq played for
>> Winnipeg Jets.
>> There we go.
>> Nice.
>> Three more to go. Top selling board
games team Shaq played for.
>> Mass for Oregon State.
>> The Duck.
>> Yeah, that works.
>> What was the the other one? Shaq play
Shaq played for
>> Lakers.
>> There we go.
>> Time, right?
>> One more buck. Sorry. Where's Duke's
mascot?
>> Oh,
>> top selling board games.
>> Ingredients for a white Russian.
>> Just name a board game.
>> Oh, milk.
>> Vodka.
>> Oh, what?
>> And 329.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> Nailed that. Under 14, though.
>> That was that was tough to find.
>> Where was that?
>> I mean, it got us a good Craig Council
story.
>> Q&A from 2018 right now, but But not
doing the right.
>> Come on, Frank.
So, we need him to like land right
around 340.
>> 340 would be perfect.
>> Solid kicks.
>> He's probably met him.
>> Wait. Met who? What?
>> Jared. Oh my god. Yeah, he probably has,
right?
>> Wait, let's find out.
like on promotional like
>> you know that whole
>> Oh, Jared.
>> Yeah, he's probably met him.
>> Does Is he have what does he sound like?
>> Who?
>> Jar. Jared.
>> Imagine if hem Imagine if he imagine if
he's like holy [ __ ] in a Jared
>> impersonation.
>> Yeah,
>> whatever that is.
>> I don't know what he sounds like.
>> Forget
>> kids.
[laughter]
>> Oh,
>> that's pretty good. Jared,
>> thanks.
>> There's a nice sandwich. Nice.
>> And boy, [laughter]
>> I'm craving.
>> You got this.
>> Take the whole thing, Brandon. Take the
whole thing.
>> Oh,
>> I have a line drive.
it's right there. It's right there,
Frank. Oh, no. Are we do we have to pull
Do we have to pull this at some point?
>> I I think
>> like when do we when do we
>> I think we could be like NICK.
>> OH, THERE IT IS. There it is.
>> Good call, Nick.
>> I was I
looking for
>> I'm LOOKING FOR ANYTHING.
>> YEAH, LET'S GO, FRANK.
>> THEY NEVER THEY never cross.
>> He's hot.
>> Wow. He said basketball might be tough.
>> Okay.
Yes. Shoot.
>> What are we doing?
>> You're on fire, Frank.
>> Time's looking good, too.
>> Yeah.
He's right there. He's right there. Not
a bad shot.
Yes. Let's go. Sit down. Sit down.
>> You're crushing this.
>> You just got to get 10 times. 10 total,
right?
>> All right. We'll help you.
>> Wait, is this my seat?
>> It doesn't matter.
>> Oh, yeah. You're fine anyway.
>> Four states that start with the letter
A.
>> Arkansas, Alabama, Arizona,
Alaska.
>> There it is. All right. Uh, let's see.
Three sons of Adam and Eve.
Uh Kane Ael.
>> Uh the 10 members of the Happy Meal
gang, McDonald's characters.
>> Mayor Mche.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> Oh, [ __ ] yeah.
>> Uh [laughter]
>> the hamburger.
>> Yeah.
>> Fry guys.
>> Fry guy.
>> Yeah. All right. Stay hot.
[laughter]
>> Officer Big Mac.
>> HE'S COOL.
>> YEAH.
TIME.
>> OH, if you want to keep doing those,
>> dude. Hit Mayor Mc off the rip is so
funny. [laughter]
>> Cheese off. Mayor Mchee.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> It's good that Luke is standing right in
front.
[laughter]
>> That'll be a good shot.
>> Uhoh.
>> Nice art.
>> Holy [ __ ]
>> Is he even trying?
>> You can pick up a bunch of bags. Oh, is
he trying right now?
>> Yesesh,
>> Bryce, you're good.
>> You got You don't have to worry about
this, Bryce.
>> Not my game. [laughter]
>> This is your guys. Do you guys have a
team, Captain?
>> Oh my god.
>> It's pretty.
I thought cuz he was tall he'd have a
good
locked in.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh boy.
>> You can score from anywhere.
>> There we go.
>> There it is.
[applause]
M.
Ah,
there it is. That's a beautiful swing.
He got a good time.
You guys are good athletes.
>> I know.
>> Yeah, go figure.
>> Uhoh. [laughter]
>> Oh no.
>> The other shocking thing is compared to
comed out of breath the comedians are
that do this when the athletes come in,
it's
>> the comedian won't talk for the rest of
the show. [laughter] They're
>> dying. Uhoh.
Put your hat backwards.
There it is.
>> Bang. Easy fix. Easy fix.
>> There it is.
>> All right. Trivia.
>> Oh, playable K. Oh, in you play Mortal
Kombat.
>> MLB teams with a color in their name.
>> The Reds
>> here. Talking the mic.
>> Oh,
>> country with the biggest coastline.
>> Um,
>> stay on the baseball.
>> Yeah, clean out the baseball
>> with their color in their name.
>> Yeah, I mean you're you're
>> playing one.
>> The White Socks.
>> There it is.
>> Um,
>> oh, this is a tough one.
>> The Zeller brothers. Is there a Tyler in
there?
>> Got to be.
>> Yeah, there [laughter] does got to be.
It
>> does got to be.
>> Character Mortal Kombat
>> flavors of stuffing. What?
>> Yeah. I just thought that was one thing.
>> Movies.
>> Countries with the longest. Is that
>> Yeah. Think like uh Canada. [laughter]
>> The United States. I don't know.
>> Uh flavors of stone.
>> Most dangerous. That's got to be like
the the crab guys, right?
>> Yeah. Fisher. Fisher.
>> Yeah. Fisherman.
>> Crab. Fisherman.
>> This is a tough one.
>> Well, there you go. You got two versus
Katie Leiddki, right?
>> Yep.
>> Now, that one.
>> Uh, do you know any playable characters
in Mortal Kombat?
>> Do not.
>> Mhm.
>> Do you know a movie Jaden Smith was in
with Jackie Chan?
>> Oh, Karate Kid.
>> Mhm.
>> Yeah.
>> Bang.
>> 325. It's not terrible at all. Not bad
for shooting like 10 airballs and
>> well the hat.
>> The hat's fault. It was the hat's fault.
Yeah.
>> 3 2 1 go.
>> There we go.
>> Oh, he's done for.
>> All right.
Pick up multiple.
>> Do you want him to do poor or well?
>> Uh, really bad.
>> Okay. Yeah, that's You're a good friend.
>> He's terrible. Hoopify first career
save.
>> All right. Hoopify.
>> I didn't meet Hoopify.
>> You haven't met Hoopify. Hoopify second
career save.
>> Jay standing right.
>> Hoopy third career saved.
>> Oh.
>> Oh. Hoopify first career miss.
>> Grounder coming up.
>> Oh.
>> Foul tip.
Danny, you got a foul tip. [laughter]
[ __ ] you. Or [ __ ] reeks.
I'll wait to cry about that on the way
home. All right. [laughter]
>> Good time.
>> There we go.
>> The three's got to be the hardest part,
right? So, uh, a lot of people Yeah,
it's mental.
There we go.
>> I'm ordering oat ordering oatmeal.
Anybody want some?
>> Some oatmeal?
>> Yeah. You want one?
>> Uh, no thanks.
>> I travel well, Mark.
>> I'm good. I had some this morning.
>> You clocked up,
>> huh?
>> Clock up.
>> No, I like doing oatmeal for lunch.
>> Oh, do you?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, colon blow.
>> That doesn't make me [ __ ]
>> Oh, no.
>> No. Is that a you thing? Does oatmeal is
it toasted?
>> You should.
>> Well, it's like it's a good fiber.
>> You said colon blow.
>> Yeah.
>> Runs right through you.
>> Here.
>> Yep.
>> So, you got to get 10 of any of these.
>> Any of these. Five members of InSync.
>> Five most populated cities
>> in the US.
>> World it seems.
>> Uh, 13 provinces in Canada.
>> Yeah, Asia.
>> Five members of InSync.
What is it? Five members of InSync.
>> Just one.
>> You Well, you could do as many as you'd
like.
>> Cliche.
>> Uh, it's 98 degrees.
>> The eight NHL teams in the Atlantic
Division.
>> Oh, we should have started with that.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> And then you say them.
>> He's in no rush.
>> Whenever you're ready.
>> Eight. Um,
>> Atlantic Division.
>> You can go one at a time.
>> Yeah.
>> Toronto.
>> Ready. Yeah.
>> Carolina, Tampa Bay, Florida.
Boston,
I think Montreal,
Ottawa,
[sighs]
um,
>> playable characters in Mario Kart.
>> Oh, yeah. Mario Kart characters.
>> There's one that's
>> Mario obviously.
>> Um, Luigi.
>> There we go.
>> Um,
let's go to the next one.
>> Provinces in Canada.
>> Provinces Saskatchewan.
>> There we go. British Columbia.
>> Alberta. Ontario.
>> Oh [laughter] no. TJ from Saskatchewan.
>> New Finland. [laughter]
>> Um
>> Nova Scotia.
>> There we go. Time.
>> Time.
>> 23. Solid. Yeah.
>> Not bad.
>> Not bad. Three, two, one, go.
>> There we go.
>> Let's go. Clay, set your purse down.
>> I did pretty good though.
>> Yeah, you did. Did you slam that? You
were already on baseball at this point.
>> Yeah, [laughter]
>> there it is.
>> Hey, there we go.
>> Oh, with the Hey dudes on.
>> Wrong goal.
>> There it is.
>> Let's go. He's on the sprint, too. He
loves it.
Hey yo,
that was person right [laughter] in the
face. That was personal.
>> He's wrestling Saturday. Easy, bud.
>> There you go. [clears throat]
>> Damn, that was good. Oh, he's in a
>> Oh, he's he's on the move.
>> Uh-oh.
Come on, Clay.
>> It's getting closer.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, it's going.
>> Nice.
>> Did it go through?
>> Yeah.
>> Nice. He aimed right at me.
Yeah, he is a wrestler. [laughter]
I was going to say like there's always
[music] the one sport it comes out a
little bit with the wrestling
background,
>> but he's killing it so far.
>> A good time. Yeah.
>> Let's go, Clay.
>> He's got it. He's got it.
>> Just need one to fall. Then he has to go
down and do it again on the other side.
>> Yeah. Nice.
>> Come on. You got this.
>> You can do it.
>> All you need is one
>> and then one more.
>> One more.
>> Then one more after that.
>> People don't forget.
>> Here we go. I'll just do it now. Just do
it again.
>> Nice.
>> Coach, you're doing really good here.
>> Trivia.
>> Nine teams in Florida.
>> Buccaneers. Florida Panthers, Tampa Bay.
Uh, I already said the Bucks. Um, let's
see. Oh, Miami Dolphins.
Um,
>> you do college, right?
>> College as well.
>> No, pro. Nine first names of the Brady
Bunch. [laughter]
>> This is your age group, dude. You got
it.
>> Uh,
>> Greg. [laughter]
>> This is your age.
>> This is Brady. Six states bordering
Pennsylvania,
>> Ohio,
uh, Virginia, West Virginia,
um, Indiana.
[laughter]
>> Not quite.
>> Ohio,
>> you can do it.
>> What's above Pennsylvania?
>> Big. Got a big city in it.
>> New York,
>> Island.
>> I feel like I feel like you would fit in
with this other one.
Not Michigan.
>> Out the other side.
Let's
>> see. Uh,
>> there's another one.
>> Florida. Florida teams. You got to
Florida teams would be
>> think uh
>> most populated cities. [clears throat]
Florida Marlins. Miami Marlins.
>> Am I to go back to that or not?
>> Yeah.
>> Just do another Florida team. You got
Florida.
>> You got Florida.
>> It'd be like Tokyo.
>> Yeah.
>> Wait. What did you
>> I named all the baseball
>> NBA
Devil Rays. Um Miami Heat. time.
>> 3:22. Oh, close.
>> Wow.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> OKAY.
>> OH, [screaming]
[ __ ]
>> THIS COULD BE the coolest gauntlet ever.
>> Okay.
>> Oh, that was smart.
>> Had not a goalie. No.
>> Oh.
He got tripped up here yesterday, too.
>> Oh, no.
>> It's too big a swing. Well,
>> also this right here, the cigarette
might come into factory.
>> Opening up the lungs.
>> Nope.
>> Oh, hot one.
>> Right to you again.
>> There it is.
>> There we go.
>> Football. Football.
Bat flip. It's tough to bat flip when
you hit a home run on your 15th swing.
>> Oh.
>> Oh my god. Wow.
>> Under a minute.
>> And he's cool about it, too.
>> A
>> That cigarette smells good.
>> Smell. Yeah.
>> Smells good.
>> Smells great.
>> Uhoh.
>> That was a good shot.
He's got to be huffing and puffing at
this point.
>> There it is.
>> Watch out, Kadic.
>> Oh,
>> here we go. Here we go. Sit down. Sit
down.
[laughter]
>> Six cities in Wisconsin with over 75K
population. You got that.
>> Six. Madison. No. Next. [clears throat]
>> Okay. Uh, eight states with multiple MLB
teams. You got that.
>> Florida. California. Texas.
>> No. Uh, New York.
[sighs]
>> Michigan. No. Texas.
>> Two main languages spoken in China.
>> Mandarin. C. Uh, Cantonese.
>> What? Not Cantonese.
>> Yeah, you got it. You got it. Uh,
>> main ingredients in
>> Oh, yeah. In that
>> uh district stages of complete Shut the
[ __ ] up. Gifts in the song 12 Days of
Christmas.
>> 12 gifts. No,
>> keep going with states. What we're in
right now.
>> Okay. Oh, Illinois.
>> Yep.
>> Oh, yeah. Who's got two teams? What do
we got?
Illinois. Um, Michigan.
>> Florida. We got California. Damn it.
>> Lead singer of
>> Green Day.
>> Yeah.
>> Billy Joe.
>> Yep.
>> Uh,
>> Foo Fighters.
>> Um, um, Foo Fighters. What? What?
>> Lead singer.
>> Oh,
Dave Gro.
>> Here we go. Here we go.
>> Where? Where else?
>> Pearl Jam.
>> Um, lead singer. [ __ ] [ __ ]
I'll come back. nine QBs to throw six
passing TDs in one game more than once.
>> Dan Marino. Um, got to be Brady. Um,
>> there you go. Time. That was good.
>> That was a lot better. Three, two, one,
go.
>> There we go.
>> All right.
Here we go, Graham.
>> Huge. Let's go. Smoke is
a good shot. Damn it.
Jeez.
>> Oh, nice.
>> There you go.
>> Jesus.
>> Poor Luke.
>> Nice catch spider.
>> Oh, no.
>> Let's go, Graham.
>> He's got a good shot. He's got a good
shot.
He's on watch.
>> He's on watch. No.
best time so far. Thank
>> 47 seconds.
>> MLB pitchers with over 3,500 career
strikeouts.
>> Hershaw is up there. Maybe
>> maybe
>> um
Sherzer Verlander
>> teams named name names used by multiple
sports franchises. So like there's a
>> this and this in in two different
>> like New York and San Francisco. [sighs]
Giants.
>> Yeah,
>> giants.
>> Main weapons Ninja Turtles use. Movies
from sketches.
>> Okay,
>> these are hard.
>> Yeah, these are hard.
>> What city does Batman protect?
>> Movies born from artist.
>> Tough.
>> This is a hard one.
>> You know any South American countries?
>> All right.
>> I mean, Argentina.
>> There we go.
>> Uh, Chile.
>> Yep. Uh,
>> buttlfts.
>> Cocaine.
>> Think about the butt [laughter] lils.
>> Cocaine ass.
>> Buttlifts. Think about that ass.
>> Oh. Uh, Brazil. There [laughter] we go.
Um,
>> put your original host of the man show.
>> I couldn't tell you about that.
>> Okay.
>> You know who sings Barbie girl? It's a
former blue.
>> Tough.
>> Tough one.
>> I think you got to go back to the team
names.
>> Um,
>> uh, Arizona and St. Louis.
>> Cardinals.
>> There you go. Uh,
>> what about there's one team that's in
the h you watch hockey playoffs?
Winnipeg and
>> Jets.
>> Yeah,
>> Sacramento.
>> Um,
>> LA.
>> Hockey and basketball.
>> What's better than a queen?
>> Checkers.
>> Kings.
>> There you go. Um,
pitch is
>> start start naming some weapons.
>> Oh, yeah. Who are some legendary
pitchers?
>> Yeah, there's got to be some.
>> Randy Johnson.
>> Yeah, maybe.
>> Yeah, there we go. and Ryan.
>> Yeah.
>> Y
>> there we go.
>> Yeah.
>> You're cooking now.
>> Two more.
>> Two more. Two more. South. We can go
back to South America.
>> Uh what about what about Carolina
football team?
>> Panthers.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
>> cocaine country.
>> Cocaine.
>> And are you
>> Pablo Escobar? Pablo Escobar.
>> No, it's uh
>> Dude, you live in Miami.
>> Yeah. Pabar.
>> I know. I know.
>> Were the Ninja Turtles? They had to have
like what? Knives.
>> Uh, you said sword.
>> Guns.
>> What else? I don't even know.
>> Uh, think of an Asian weapon that you
don't want to get hit with.
>> Swing them around. Swing them around.
>> Yeah.
>> Yay. There we go. 318. That was hard.
>> That was a really hard one.
>> 3 2 1 go.
>> Oh, flipping it.
>> H.
>> You kidding me? Gun. Come on.
>> Trying to get shots up.
H.
>> Okay, I did better than that.
>> You can put a bunch in your hand.
>> Got to go air. What is this? I think
>> Oh no, they're resetting the board.
>> Oh Jesus.
>> What a nightmare.
>> Oh, two. Does that take off time?
>> I think if Gunner is last again, he's
got to give Steven his social security
number.
>> That or a dress.
>> Look at that. [laughter]
>> Like a copy of the house key for Chad.
>> Oh,
>> you got to turn the barrel gun. Oh no.
>> Oh no. Oh no. No. No. No.
>> Gunner.
>> Oh my gosh. Gunnar.
>> He doesn't want a showboat. He's being
nice.
>> Oh no.
>> Better toss.
>> Like I'm not trying to be mean, but if
you were watching this, you're like
doesn't play.
>> Oh my god.
>> Oh, now he's [laughter] lashing out.
There it is.
>> There it was.
>> Don't Don't patronize him like that.
>> Still going to beat me.
>> Hey, that was good.
>> Hey, the basketball the basketball is
where Gunner thrives, though.
>> Hey, can I say this, though?
>> Not the baseball.
>> The other ball.
>> I'm more confident in him [laughter]
shooting.
>> This is This is becoming a disaster,
guys. [music] We're in disaster zone.
>> I think he just wants
>> What's your prediction for him on
trivia?
>> Bad
gun. Let's go.
He's just trying not to get traded.
>> Yeah, right. This guy Something's wrong
with this guy. [laughter]
>> Yeah, good looking shot. You're right.
>> No, it's I [music] I
I'm
>> There it is.
>> I I always say everywhere I go, but
Gunner's high school basketball
highlight tape is one of the best.
>> Oh, we got to watch.
>> Really? Oh, it's amazing.
Well, cuz he's playing
>> like he's playing against like, you
know, these
>> like Alabama private school kids and
>> Gunner's a huge human being. Dunkin,
>> eight most popular flavors of ice cream.
>> Cookies and cream.
>> Mike Gun.
>> Oh.
>> Um,
>> two cookies though.
>> Do you know the Van Gundy's names?
>> Jeff?
>> Yep.
>> Steve.
>> Is it? No.
>> Close. It's an S.
Superheroes.
>> Superheroes.
>> Where are superheroes?
>> Bottom left.
>> Six characters on movie posters.
>> Uh, Batman, Wonder Woman, Superman.
>> Was that Flash? Is that DC?
>> Um,
>> got them.
>> Okay.
>> Top left maybe.
>> Four original flavors. Jello.
>> Um, Fruit Punch.
>> No,
>> maybe.
>> Orange.
>> Orange. Orange feels good. Uh,
>> keep top left. Top left. Top left, you
know. Top left, you know.
>> Woman caught having an affair with Bill
Clinton.
>> Uh, I don't know that one. [groaning]
>> Oh, no. History.
>> Go more jello flavor.
>> Or or ice cream. Hit ice cream again.
>> Celtics coaches.
>> There's a very obvious ice cream one.
>> Oh, chocolate.
>> There you go.
>> Okay.
>> Oh, we got to spell it.
>> Oh, if you had done chocolate, you would
have hit up like four of them.
>> Dang.
>> That's really good, though. N
>> three, two, one, go.
>> All right. Come on, Carson.
>> Oh, that was a good
boy.
>> There we go. [music]
>> How do you think he's going to do?
>> I think he'll be pretty good.
>> Oh, there it is.
>> Smokes get hurt.
>> Well, he's coming off of that stream
last night. [music] That was torture.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Not a hitter.
>> Is he a lefty?
>> He's a lefty. You should watch.
>> Oh, that was beautiful.
>> You should watch him throw. He throws
super funky.
>> There it is. Backwards hat. Damn.
>> Oh, he's not listening.
>> He forgot it. He forgot it.
>> OH, IT DIDN'T [laughter] GO.
>> THERE YOU GO. THERE you go.
>> Oh, no. It wasn't the hat.
>> He's just bad at basketball.
>> He's adjusting.
>> He's got a good time. Although,
>> can you fix him, Titus?
>> He also does.
>> I think so.
>> He looks good to me.
>> He doesn't know anything.
>> He's not holding the follow through. No.
>> Uh-oh.
>> Oh, this is bad.
>> This is bad. Getting bad.
>> Poor guy.
>> There it is.
>> Now you just got to hit this one and it
looks good again. Yeah.
>> Oh. Oh.
Uhoh. Oh
>> yes. All right. Trivia. This is going to
be fun.
>> It's got a good time, too.
>> All right.
>> Oh,
>> planets.
>> Planets.
>> Uh, Earth.
>> Yep.
>> Saturn.
>> Uranus.
>> Yep.
>> Pluto.
>> No [ __ ]
>> Oh, are they going to count Pluto?
>> Um, NBA teams that have never uh
>> They didn't count Pluto.
>> Dwarfs of Snow White. Not anymore.
>> It's a gap. Oh, Yankee Core Four players
when they won their championships in the
late 90s.
>> Derek Jeter.
>> Yep.
>> Um,
>> Jorge Pada.
>> That's it. Yeah.
>> Um,
>> you got NBA.
>> Mars.
>> Yeah.
>> Good one. Good one. Good answer.
>> Great answer.
>> Jupiter.
>> No [ __ ] answer.
>> Finding [snorts] his flow.
You got a couple NBA teams
>> that have never won a championship.
>> Some are playing right now.
>> The Knicks.
>> No. Um,
>> guys who played the Joker?
>> Yep.
>> Actors who played the Joker?
>> Um,
>> that feels like
>> Oklahoma City.
>> Yep.
>> More.
>> Got this.
>> Schedule one drugs. Hard drugs. Kevin
Durant [laughter] played for a couple of
these teams
>> who famously played the Joker
>> in a film in a major motion picture.
>> Who's playing the Thunder tonight?
>> Warves.
>> His role his role as Joker.
>> Playing the Thunder
Durant play and where did he play this
the team before that?
[laughter]
>> In the playoffs right now.
>> No. Yeah, one of the other teams playing
in the playoffs right now, but also
Kevin Durant's current team and former
team.
>> Who's in the playoffs right now?
>> We'll get there.
>> It's the Thunder verse. the
>> the thing that uh all the planets
Timberwolves.
>> Here we go.
>> How many is that?
>> Time.
>> Not bad.
>> That was pretty good.
>> Still a good you going.
>> I feel like you had easier trivia
questions.
>> Oh my god, dude. You don't know. You
don't know Mariana Rivera and Andy
Pettit. Are you kidding me?
>> Yeah, I do know those guys. [laughter]
>> Three, two, one.
>> There he goes.
Lefty. Oh, he said he's not good hand
eye coordination, so that's a problem.
Okay.
>> With everything.
>> Oh no.
>> Come on, John. I wish Nikki Smokes
wasn't in goal.
>> I know.
I
>> feel like the board's further today. It
might be.
>> There we go.
>> All right. There we go. There we go.
>> Get him.
>> Oh, [ __ ]
>> That's a good shot.
>> We just got to pump him up.
>> All right. You can get close. You can
get close,
>> dude. He's probably not going to get any
[music] chicks after this.
>> No, he's done for. [laughter] Never
going to get a chick again.
>> There you go. Oh, baseball.
>> Baseball.
>> You're humming now.
>> Under a minute still.
>> He's throwing out the first pitch
tomorrow.
>> Oh, there it is. Nice. Nice.
>> That was a nice soft home run.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Pants do look great.
>> Yeah.
>> Like you just have to wear stuff like
that with confidence and I couldn't.
>> Yeah. Kyle's got to be so mad he's not.
>> Connor, Lucas, and Blutman are
embarrassing in front of the camera.
Couldn't be more in front of the camera.
[laughter] God look like the girls from
Greece.
>> [gasps]
>> All right.
>> And I know like Lucas is going to
screenshot him standing next to John on
his Instagram. Just be like, I guess
today was decent. [laughter]
>> Shut up, douchebag. Going to post it
across all
>> platforms. All right, we haven't hit rim
yet.
>> Just another day.
>> But it's not the worst looking shot.
>> Uh, one more.
>> Yeah, there it is.
>> That job.
>> He's like a very, very cool Rudy. And
Rudy's already cool.
>> Super nice guy, too.
>> Yeah.
>> Yep.
>> Very nice.
And I think he really [ __ ] with me
heavy.
>> Yeah. The only thing
>> I think he thinks we're pretty cool.
>> Well, the only thing hurt my feelings is
he was like
>> after PMT, he's like, "That really went
well." I was like, "Yeah, that was
awesome. Thanks, man." He's like, "I'm
trying to get that 35 plus crowd."
[laughter]
>> All right, trivia. You're still under
two minutes.
>> All right. Uh 10 10 MLB teams with red,
white, and blue in their logo. Uh let's
see. Four members of Led Zeppelin.
>> I do all of these. Yeah. No, 10 total.
>> Any Yeah. Just
>> Okay. So, uh, Cubs, obviously.
>> Okay.
>> Uh,
>> Dodgers. No.
>> Seven longest rivers in the US.
>> Wait. So, I have to do all
>> No. No. Just Just hop around things.
>> Uh, Mississippi River.
>> Yep.
>> Four.
>> Uh,
>> Dante want is looking at you.
>> Do you know the games of ship and
battleship
>> or the types of ship?
>> Oh, nine countries to begin with the
letter L. You got
>> Jimmy Paige was in Lep. Yep.
>> Um, co- creators of South Park. Uh, Matt
Stone and Trey Park.
>> There we go.
>> Smallest person to play an MLOV game.
>> No, forget that.
>> Six players to achieve a grand slam in
golf.
[snorts]
>> Uh, like that.
>> You got at least one of those.
>> Ry.
>> Yeah. You got another one.
>> Um, Tiger Woods.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh,
>> oh, you're getting close. Any
>> Arnold Palmer?
>> Yeah.
>> There we go.
>> John.
>> Oh, Arnold Palmer didn't. [ __ ]
>> Okay. Lied. What about uh nine countries
begin with the letter L?
>> Uh Libya. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh we all green.
>> Oh, Lithuania. No.
>> What?
>> Are they not countries? No.
>> We don't have a great There we go. Time.
>> 310.
>> Dude, that was good.
>> All right, I'll take I'll take that.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> Here we go.
>> Lucas.
>> Oh, that looked like such a good throw.
>> He's what? Lucas is on the sticks today.
>> Oh, yeah. Piece of [ __ ]
>> Notice.
>> How was that game? Did you watch it all?
I watched uh all the way to the fourth
quarter. It was great.
>> Great.
>> Nice.
>> It was just great seeing football on TV.
>> Oh. Oh,
>> yay.
>> Football's back. The ball is so bad.
>> I'm ready to respect the punt returner
more this year.
>> Just a fire plug in between the freaking
>> Yeah, he's a header.
>> He's he's goalending for his job.
>> Oh man. Oh, no. [laughter]
>> These are all good kicks. They're just
not going in.
>> Elliot,
>> these are private school boy kicks.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> All right, Dylan, we'll get you this
clip so that way anytime he's trying to
pick up your [ __ ] you just show show
the girl that like, "Hey, check this
out."
>> Every time he's trying to pick up your
[laughter]
>> Oh,
you're just trying to pick up my [ __ ]
>> Yeah. Watch this clip of Elliot [ __ ]
sucking a soccer.
>> Oh. Uhoh. He's a whippers snapper.
>> He is. And
>> he's a wiry one.
>> Yeah.
>> All right.
>> Here we go. He's coming back.
>> Oh no.
>> Uhoh.
>> Oh, I thought that was going to go in.
>> That stays off screen for a while,
[laughter] huh?
>> Raindrop.
>> Got good arms.
>> Way too long.
>> Thanks, Lucas.
Hey, now
>> arch out the building.
>> Turn your hat backwards.
>> Yes. Let's go.
>> Did your high school have like a
>> I did [laughter]
>> sports teams with
>> Yeah, man. They they played eightman
football.
>> Oh, that is a thing. Yeah.
>> We're going.
>> Are you still in touch with them?
Because it was such a small class. Are
they like, "Holy [ __ ] look at you go."
Like,
>> no.
>> No.
>> Damn.
>> No. I graduated and got out of there.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> You're up.
>> All right. Here we go.
>> All right. Let's do this.
>> Come on.
>> Birdie, Eagle, albatross.
>> There we go.
>> OH MY GOD.
>> GOOD. [ __ ] KIDDING ME. Or [laughter]
>> I'm sorry. Green, yellow, blue.
>> The departed.
>> Nine states with no income tax.
>> Texas.
>> West Virginia.
Arkansas, Tennessee,
>> Spice Girls, Beyonce. Um, Sporty Spice
>> Tennessee in there for him.
>> I'm not sporty.
>> It's Tennessee.
>> God, Lucas, you're somehow worse than
>> Okay, one more.
>> Didn't you say a movie?
>> The Departed.
>> No.
>> No,
>> they're not in it.
>> Uh,
animals with strongest bite force.
>> Uh, great white shark.
>> Sour patch kit.
>> Here we go. Great China.
>> Great wall China.
>> How is Lucas worse than TJ?
>> I I I owe TJ a big amount.
>> Yeah.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> Oh, he went four bags. That's smart.
>> I love I love Bwok just pointing it
right here.
>> Yeah. [laughter] Yeah. Just in case you
can't see it. Oh, he blocked the hole.
Oh, no.
>> Oh, no. Rush.
>> What uh what trip skins up the most?
>> Uh
>> trivia.
>> Trivia.
>> Yeah, that was
>> We had a cornhole board in our spring
training house two years ago.
>> This is
>> push them all in.
>> Go for the air.
>> Concerns are coming true. [laughter]
>> Big thing. He just didn't want to
embarrass himself.
>> Yeah. And he [ __ ] away.
>> He's really comfortable.
>> All right. [laughter]
>> Lefty. Also, he played realized he
kicked in college, right? At Oregon
State.
>> He kicked at Oregon State.
>> He was a football kicker.
>> [ __ ]
>> He tackled Christian McCaffrey if you
didn't know.
>> That's awesome.
>> Wow.
>> There it is.
>> Hey, it's harder than it looks.
>> No, it's not. Oh, it hit the ceiling.
Come on, Rutchman.
>> Two footballs at once.
>> Oh god, he threw that hard.
>> He's throwing it hard.
>> So, this is [music] dumb. He played
baseball in college, too, right?
>> Yeah.
>> So, he did both. That's a lot.
>> Oh, the shot.
>> Uhoh.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Oh, he's changing angles.
>> Get it to the wing.
>> You're watching Gunner's highlights.
>> Hey, your foot's on the line.
Got to get to the hot spot.
>> Little more.
>> Find it.
>> Okay,
>> find it. It's there.
>> One more arc.
>> Oh,
>> it's okay.
>> Oh, no.
>> Don't give up now.
>> Bite your tongue, Kate.
>> I know.
>> Yeah, this is where it's Yeah. When Kate
starts saying that.
>> Oh, all right.
>> You can still do it. You got to have a
good sparkle, though.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah. Drano,
>> get your mic on the hop. On the hop.
Come on. Get in there.
>> You're right at 2 minutes.
>> Let's go.
Six states supporter Utah talking the
mic
>> behind Mike behind you. Rut or
>> he's locked. He's locked the [ __ ] in.
>> Um
>> NHL teams with the most
>> uh CVS.
>> Okay. Um
four members of Fantastic Four superhero
names.
>> Um do you know tennis?
>> State supporter Utah. You got
>> Yes. State supporter Utah. California.
>> No.
>> No. Colorado.
>> Okay, now we're cooking.
>> Arizona, New Mexico.
>> Yeah.
>> Um,
>> okay.
>> All right. Uh,
>> oh, Family Guy got hometown. You got an
ide
behind you.
>> 10 most popular musical instruments.
Just start ripping off instruments.
>> Oh, uh, guitar, uh, drums.
>> Um, is that one? That is one of them.
>> Need one more. Um, flute, clarinet,
>> VIOLIN. THERE WE GO. HE GOT IT.
>> THREE, TWO, ONE, GO.
>> 12 hour stream.
>> Oh. All right, Bill.
>> Yeah, Billy.
>> Here we go.
>> All right, Owen, start.
>> It's intimidating with the cane. I love
it.
>> Okay. All right. Yeah. No, he wasn't.
>> The key is to get him close.
>> He wasn't lying. Okay.
>> Get him closer. But now he's now Owen's
in a spot where if he if he lets him
score it's also like
>> it's obvious.
>> Yeah, it's demeaning.
>> That is demeaning. No. Oh no,
>> [ __ ]
>> Oh yeah. HIT IT WITH THE CANE.
>> THERE we go.
>> Are we allowing that?
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> Would you like to throw a flag?
>> Yeah. Kyle, stop it.
>> Go ahead, Kyle.
>> Oh, [laughter] he's with it.
>> Holy [ __ ]
I was looking at Billy's Instagram. He
got 63 holes of golf in three days.
>> Holy [ __ ]
>> Oh yeah, he's like really good at all of
these.
>> He's a very athletic dude anyway.
>> No, I was watching him shoot. He can
shoot.
>> Yep.
>> Okay.
>> He's whipping it hard, you know.
>> Oh, J.
TJ, can we get an Owen saves comment on
the internet? [laughter]
>> Yeah, one of those uh the edits are
back.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, they are.
>> An edit.
>> Big flip.
>> Oh [ __ ]
>> OH [ __ ]
>> YEAH, BILLY.
>> BILLY FLAT FOOT.
>> Hell yes, Billy. [laughter]
>> He's got a great time.
>> This is the pace that Brandon walks at.
Yes.
>> Oh [ __ ]
>> Two for three. Two for three shooting.
>> Look at it. He's killing.
>> All right, Billy. Let's go.
>> Under two minutes still.
>> It's been an awesome time. Let's finish
strong.
>> Okay.
>> Factoring the lack of running between
stations. Should we go?
>> All right. What do we got?
>> Creators of South Park. Uh Matt Trey,
Matt Trey, Matt Stone, and Trey Parker.
>> Six players to achieve a grand slam in
golf.
>> Uh Tiger Woods, um Scotty Sheffller,
Bryson to Shambo, um what's Jack
Nicholas. Yeah, next one.
>> Top 10 fruit.
>> Top fruits. Yeah.
>> Top fruits. Banana, apple, orange, pear,
grape, plum.
>> Let's go.
>> What else?
>> Uh nine countries to begin with the
letter L.
>> Uh Latvia, Lithuania. Oh, wow.
>> Uh, what's next?
>> Stay hot.
>> Uh, four members of Led Zeppelin.
>> Oh, god, no idea.
>> Oh, seven longest rivers in the US.
>> Uh, Mississippi.
Uh,
what else? I'm blanking out. Oh my god.
>> Five types of ship used in the game.
Battleship. Maybe throw out some more
fruits.
>> Yeah, throw. Try. Cherries.
Strawberries.
>> I think watermelon.
>> Pluralize some of these.
>> Cherry, watermelon. Uh,
>> there we go.
>> DONE.
>> 306.
>> WOW. WOO!
>> [ __ ] yes, Bill.
>> Yeah. Awesome.
>> Great job. Three, two, one, go.
>> Here he goes.
>> Oh, big arc.
>> Oh, he did play in the NFL for a very
long time.
>> That's right. I saw his hands. You see
his fingers?
>> No, I didn't see his fingers.
>> Check out his fingers.
>> So, w thick.
>> There we go.
>> Okay. Whoa,
>> Connor. Oh, yeah. Connor, this is his
coach.
>> Oh, Connor,
>> bro. [laughter]
[ __ ]
>> Woo.
>> Sorry, I got excited.
>> Kate, ask him something.
>> No, Kate.
>> Good contact.
>> Strong hits. Just need a little more.
Woo!
>> Good god.
>> He's aiming aiming,
>> Danny. [laughter] Doug Peterson [ __ ]
hates you.
>> Going for the golf swing.
>> There it is.
>> Boom.
>> Oh my god.
>> You should start sexualizing him real
well.
>> That
do we start now? We should all
never mind.
>> Come on in my ass.
>> How old is Duck Peterson?
>> Um
got 61.
>> He was on 61. He was third string when
they drafted McNab, which is
>> Oh, Tommy Walker 57
>> commented, "Big Cat is way cooler than
my dad in a lot of ways."
>> Yeah,
>> he's been rifling in the chat. He's He's
been gone for a little bit, but he was
there.
>> Whoa, a swish. I will say for how like
>> never mind
>> what
>> nothing I just He's like very handsome.
>> You started a thought with I will say
>> I will say I will say I won't say it.
>> Say a handsome guy in a non-weird way.
>> You won't say it when he's in the room.
>> No. No.
>> I think
>> I think you could say a guy's handsome
and we would just assume it's not weird.
>> Yeah.
>> No, he's a very handsome guy.
>> We need to qualify it as not weird.
>> Qualifying it makes it weird.
>> Good time still.
>> Good time. So far, you're at 215
and then any order you want ones and
twos.
>> Uh, NFL teams with the most Hall of
Famers.
>> NFL team, [clears throat]
uh, mult eight NFL team,
>> eight most Hall of Famers,
>> Green Bay Packers, Dallas Cowboys,
San Francisco 49ers.
>> Mhm.
>> New York Giants.
>> What else?
>> Buffalo Bills.
>> That's pretty good.
>> Four states that start with the letter
A. Alabama, Arkansas, Alaska, Kyle.
>> Edward Sharp over here.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh uh let's see. Arizona.
>> Five biggest cities in England.
>> In England.
>> Yeah.
>> London.
>> Yep.
>> One more.
>> Uh Liverpool.
>> There we go.
>> You got it.
>> Get it. Yeah.
>> 303.
Wow. Wow. Wow.
>> That was great time. Three, two, one,
go.
All right. He's taking his time. He's
going slow.
>> This is timed. [laughter]
>> We got to get in his head.
>> Oh gosh.
>> Casual mode.
>> So, what happens if he doesn't make it
in the cornhole?
>> He'll get him all the bags back. He's
got to get one.
>> Just shame.
>> Okay.
>> Is this a bad stop?
>> Oh, yeah. It's really bad. [laughter]
>> Oh, there we go.
>> Here we go.
He sounded very confident in his soccer
game.
>> First one.
>> Now this is where we should win.
>> Baseball.
>> Baseball. Although cricket. He said he
plays cricket.
>> Oh my god.
This level.
>> That was so easy.
>> Okay. Wait.
>> This is where we should get him.
Football. Damn
>> it. [laughter]
Not going well for me, guys. All right.
No way he knows how to shoot a
basketball.
Yep.
>> Okay. Okay.
>> He can't even reach the rim.
>> This is good. This is really good.
>> Give me hope here.
>> Yep.
>> Oh [ __ ] [laughter]
>> Oh [ __ ]
>> Are we allowed to say that?
>> Oh yeah.
>> Okay, good.
>> Had a pretty good time so far.
>> Damn it.
>> Okay. Bad rebounding.
>> Terrible rebounding.
Okay,
>> let's rebound better for
>> Oh, that doesn't count.
>> Nope.
>> Oh, nope.
>> What's the highest time you've ever had?
>> Uh, nine and a half minutes. You will
not get that.
>> Okay,
>> that guy was in here for trivia.
>> Trivia, trivia, trivia.
>> This is impressive.
>> You have a very, you got a great time.
>> Great time. All right.
>> Uh,
>> Jeff, uh, 10 MLB teams with the most
Hall of Famers. [laughter]
>> Uh, 10 countries that border Brazil.
>> [gasps]
>> 10 countries at border of Brazil.
>> You only have to get a couple.
>> Chile, Peru,
>> uh,
Argentina.
>> Seven most spoken languages in the
world.
>> Yeah.
>> Mandarin, English, French,
Italian.
>> No way. Italian. No way.
>> No.
>> Mm-
>> Uh, how many more are there?
>> Uh, you got to get four more. Four first
names of Uncle Phil's children in the
Fresh Prince.
H
>> the forced
>> Uncle Phil. What was the question?
[laughter]
>> The the four kids in Fresh Prince of
Belair or Uncle Phil's kids.
>> Did you watch that show?
>> Yeah, I did, but I can't remember.
>> The lead the lead guitarist of Guns and
Roses
>> slash.
>> Mhm. Yeah,
>> you can still get languages.
>> You can go back to Brazil. You got more
countries there.
>> Minneapolis and some pole.
>> Oh, yeah. There we go.
>> Nice.
>> We should have known you could have get
in that one.
>> One more
>> golf courses there. Most spoken
languages in the world. Bestselling NBA
game N64 games of all time. Mario 64.
>> Oh, let's go.
>> There we go. Time.
>> Second under three.
>> Wow, that was a really impressive time.
>> Yeah, pretty good.
>> Really good.
>> Here's your trophy.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> Here we go.
All
right. This is bad. Joey
>> created a wall. Now he has no choice but
to switch it.
>> Oh my god.
>> The wall is down. Now it's in.
>> What about a Rugrats podcast?
>> Open market. They do rewatchables for
like every show now.
>> Yeah.
>> Or if it's or if it's just about Dean
>> the Dean.
>> That was pathetic.
>> Oh strike one.
>> Woo.
Oh no,
>> he's a baseball player.
>> Yeah,
>> he's got a good swing.
>> I think he was one of baseball
scholarship.
>> He's got a good swing.
>> There you go, Joey.
>> I prepped him nothing about Deutsch. I
was like, "Hey, we got to go to lunch
with a guy."
>> That's amazing. Yeah, it was it was
>> the head wound thing is something I've
been thinking about for a while.
>> It was a Yeah, just it was sumac and a
dog bite.
>> He's got a fresh head wound. Don't talk
about it.
>> Don't look at
>> Put your hat backwards.
>> What is wound deted at?
>> Oh,
>> when you see one? No. If you have a
fresh wound yourself, do you mention it
to someone before meeting them?
>> You cover your half cover.
>> You cover it.
>> I would rather see a wound covered.
Trivia.
>> Joey.
>> Let's go.
>> Horrible.
>> Authors of the following books.
Goosebumps.
RL Stein. 10 teams in MLB, NBA, NHL, and
NFL that don't end with S.
Red Sox.
White Socks.
Wild.
>> Nice.
>> 11 states to border Canada. Land border.
That's easy. You can
>> uh
>> Wisconsin,
>> New York.
>> Wisconsin. No.
>> Uh Minnesota.
>> Michigan. CXum.
>> Michigan.
North Dakota.
>> Washington.
>> There we go.
>> Bang. There it 254.
>> Nearly a minute.
>> Pretty good, Joey.
>> 3 2 1 go.
>> Be honest. You don't want him to get a
better score than you, right? There's no
chance, right?
>> He's not.
>> Hell no.
>> Oh, there you go. Dave. Dave. Right on
time.
>> Oh my. Knock it in.
[laughter]
>> Look at him just surrounding IT, DUDE.
HE'S TEASING [laughter] IT.
>> YEP.
>> There it is. Soccer. Soccer. Soccer.
Just trying to get past
>> kind of some impressive goalkeeping
going on.
>> No. Yeah, we got some studs.
>> If I win, it's going to be bad.
>> Good.
This gave Cam Newton some issues. This
one right here.
>> This is the one he never he couldn't get
it.
>> So, the original uh iteration of this
was a table, a fold out table with body
armor bottles, and it hit the bottle
off. We had to move him on. We told him
he didn't have to finish it.
>> He's a guy you don't want to make. Uh
>> he was in the big hat.
>> Frustrated.
>> Okay.
>> So, that probably should have been
restricted.
>> Yeah. There it is. Go
>> trivia. You're at a good time. Good
time. I'm killing it right now.
>> Don't blow it. [snorts]
>> Top 10 vegetables sold in the US.
>> Yeah, think vegetables.
>> Broccoli got to be number one.
>> Asparagus. [sighs]
Uh, eight Ivy League schools.
>> Eight Ivy League school.
>> Oh, what? Harvard, Penn, Colombia,
Cornell.
>> Uh, Dartmouth.
Uh, go to a different one.
Top 10 vegetables. But
>> vegetables see
>> high resources.
>> Uh uh. Oh my god. Brussels sprouts. Is
that one?
>> How am I How many am I at right now?
>> Uh
>> Columbia. [sighs]
>> Do you any Jud Abat movies?
>> Main ingredients in an oldfashioned
>> whiskey. Okay, there we go. Uh oh god,
>> it's tough.
>> Box tough,
>> dude. The ve the vegetables one. Yeah.
Think like think like green and
>> zucchini.
>> Yellow. Think orange.
>> Orange. Carrots.
>> Yeah, they're yellow.
>> Red.
>> Uh,
>> what do you mean? I have to go. Yeah.
[laughter]
>> I guess. Yeah.
>> Oh god. How many am I at? Seven.
>> Think brown. Think brown and then say
brown.
>> Brown. [laughter]
>> Help me out.
>> Brown.
>> Think brown vegetable.
>> Yeah. Brown vegetable. Ah, that's a good
point. Really eat many. You can mash
them. Yeah. Potatoes.
>> Potato. Yeah, that's another one. Um,
>> the hot Oh, yeah. You smell them when
you get into Socks Park.
>> Hot dogs.
>> What do you put [laughter] on hot dogs?
>> Ketchup. A tomato.
>> Dave, that was a horrible.
>> That was a horrible time.
>> Uh, solid. I was talking onions. You
smell like grilled onions. [laughter]
>> Mike couldn't name eight Ivy League
schools.
>> This park smells like [ __ ] tomatoes.
>> You got a few. It wasn't
>> Fox Park's grape smells like tomatoes,
man. [laughter]
Three, two, one, go.
>> All right, here we go. Zach,
>> he
get this. These aren't bad throws.
>> The P. Yep, there it is.
>> There it is.
>> Light.
>> Oh, almost.
>> Keeping it low.
>> Got to have him open it up to Cowboys
fans, back.
>> Oh, yeah. I will do that.
There we go. There you go.
>> Power. Finish him with power.
Good stroke. Nice stroke.
Okay, that's
>> Oh, right in the mic. That was a fun
sound.
>> Okay, just even it out.
>> Nope,
>> those are out of the stadium. It's not
the line drive.
>> There it is. There it is.
>> Now we see why he wasn't the
quarterback.
>> You know who else was from Indiana?
>> Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Great call. [laughter]
>> Kadic is like Kadic is going to cry.
[laughter]
>> Football is so hard.
>> I mean, he didn't He didn't throw a
football. He was awesome at football. He
didn't throw it.
>> There it is.
>> There it is. There it is.
>> Go half backward. Yeah, go half
backward.
There it is.
>> Lock it.
>> That's short.
>> That's not bad. Make this
>> good LITTLE STROKE.
>> OH, GOOD. GOOD.
>> There it is. There it is.
>> Yep. Yep. Yep.
>> There you go, Kadic.
>> It's right there. He's on it. He's on
it.
>> He's so on it.
>> Bang. Bang. Bang.
>> Three both times.
>> All right. Trivia.
>> Under two minutes.
>> Here we go.
>> Good.
>> Eight NFL teams end with the letter ERS.
>> Uh 49ers.
>> Yeah.
>> Nice. Um,
>> countries that border France if you'd
like.
>> Oh, 10 states bordering Mississippi
River. That should be easy.
>> Uh, Ohio,
Mississippi River, Mississippi.
>> Arkansas.
>> There you go.
>> Uh, New Orleans. Or that's not a state.
Uh, Louisiana.
>> Yep. Yep. Yep.
>> Uh, Iowa. And then up there.
>> Why not?
>> All right. Uh, what else we got here?
>> This is
>> Get some more ERS teams. You got some
more ERS teams than you.
>> All right. Let's see here. Original
Power Rangers colors.
>> Okay. Yeah. Uh red, yellow.
>> There we go.
>> Uh pink.
>> Mhm.
>> Blue.
>> Yes.
>> Uh black.
>> And that's that's one more.
>> Okay. One more. One more. One more.
>> Countries on the Mississippi River.
>> States.
>> The Mississippi River. Mississippi.
Sorry. I was caught on the Mississippi.
>> Mississippi River.
>> ERS.
>> Or Yeah, you got this. You got this.
>> Countries that border France.
>> 10 HBO shows. Miss.
>> Oh, there you go. Is that one of them?
>> What?
>> All right. Sopranos, the wire, uh,
Boardwalk Empire.
>> There you go. Got 254. Nice.
>> Let's go.
>> Let's go. Physical.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> How fast does Calvin throw?
>> Uh, I see him hit 99 before.
>> Soccer.
>> WHOA. [ __ ]
>> Corner pocket.
>> Oh boy. Can he hit? Can he hit?
>> Yep.
Oh. [laughter]
>> Holy [ __ ] I'm afraid.
>> God damn.
>> Hitting the ceiling.
>> Oh, there it is. All right. He better
get this.
>> He's a pitcher. There it is.
>> Yeah. Fast. God,
>> that was easy. [music] He's on watch
right now.
>> Whoa. Oh my.
>> Oh, he's on.
Watch.
>> And he's not on social media, so he
MIGHT BE SMART. OH GOD.
>> TRIVIA.
>> You're under a minute.
>> It's on watch.
>> Liam, you better help him.
>> MLB teams with three word names.
>> TJ. [laughter]
>> Three-word name. MLB teams.
>> Um,
>> like two names in the last in the
nickname. Original members of the X-Men.
>> Europe.
>> I'm good. I'm good.
>> European cities with the largest
population.
>> He's not beating my time.
>> Name some famous female artists.
>> I feel like focusing on the MLB teams
might be a good
>> All right, Calvin, it's time to start
trivia. Okay, I'm locked. [laughter] I'm
ready now.
>> Uh, NBA players with at least four NBA
titles and two MVPs. Just think really
good.
>> Uh, Thompson.
>> Uh, think really good NBA players. The
best.
>> Again, I think thinking about the MLB
team might be the play.
>> Michael Jordan.
>> There you go.
>> Has to be on there, right?
>> Can't help but think about maybe
>> um MLB team.
>> So, three word names including like
their So, think of two-word team names
and then the city.
>> San Diego Dodgers.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Los Angeles Dodgers.
>> Okay. Um,
Los Angeles, Angels of Anaheim.
>> There you go.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Um, two there.
>> Maybe we take away the Anaheim Park.
>> Yeah, there you go.
>> Okay. Um,
>> you're at six. So, two word nicknames.
>> Two word nicknames. I guess the brown
who you're playing this week. The
>> White Socks.
>> There you go.
>> The Red Sox.
>> Oh, they're not on there.
>> Why are they not on there?
>> It's the city, right? It's got to be
>> including city, but but White Socks.
>> Chicago White Socks. Mhm.
>> Damn.
>> Why the hell
>> female artist with most Grammy awards?
>> And when you me like this,
>> name a couple other like really good
NBA.
>> No.
>> Oh, just [laughter] wanted to just name
a couple other really good NBA players.
>> Sorry.
>> One of the best right now still playing.
>> LeBron.
>> There you go.
>> Okay.
>> Um,
>> Sandra rapper on TV show Trailer Park.
No, I don't.
>> You just need one more. Parents of Bobby
Hill. Do you know any Powerpuff Girls
smell sugar?
>> Oh, where's where's Duke?
>> That's the ingredient, brother.
>> What state is Duke in? What state is
Duke in?
>> Uh, North Carolina.
>> There it is.
>> Okay.
>> Bang.
>> Good.
>> 251. You 45 seconds when you came in
here. Wow.
>> Yeah. I was nervous
>> cuz the record's one. What's the record?
>> 126 or something.
>> 3 2 1 go.
>> And we're off.
>> Switch. start.
>> Holy [ __ ]
>> Oh, we got Owen in that goal.
>> Start, dude.
>> Oh, good save by first time goalie Owen.
>> It's okay. He's got plenty of time with
that first corn helmet.
>> Oh, a little high.
>> Holy [ __ ] [laughter]
>> He's got power.
>> Owen want to try out some
>> kick his ass, Luke Combmes.
>> There we go.
>> There he goes, Luke.
>> Here we go. Dinger.
>> Dinger.
>> I hope Riley Green's watching this. Suck
it, Riley.
>> Ding her right here.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Lefty.
>> Holy [ __ ] What if he just
>> Good times. So, let's go. Drain it.
Luke,
>> he's Oh,
>> lick of the wrist.
>> Almost.
>> Okay. Okay. He's there. He's there.
A
>> There we go.
>> All right. Now, just do it again. Still
a great time, though.
>> Yeah.
>> He's got good follow through.
>> Nice. Oh, there we go.
>> We got a great time so far.
>> Great time, Luke.
>> All right.
>> Three colors on the Italian flag.
>> Oh my god.
>> Red,
>> red, green, white.
>> Eight studio albums by Beyonce.
>> Eight.
>> Yeah.
>> Can't say one.
>> Four Seinfeld actors. [laughter] Uh, 10
movies with Francis Ford Copala. Nine
San Antonio Spurs.
>> Main characters of Mickey Mouse Club.
Oh, yeah. Mickey Mouse Clubhouse. You
got two?
>> No. No. [laughter]
>> Spurs.
>> How many of these do I need to get?
>> I need to get 10. There are four right
now. Okay.
>> Six more.
>> Oh, so I don't have to get all of them.
>> No, just 10.
>> European
>> Jerry Seinfeld.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah.
>> Um,
>> love that character.
>> What is it? Oh gosh.
>> Jason Alexander.
>> Yep.
>> Got it.
>> Um,
Michael Richards. Yep.
>> There we go.
Uh,
>> these are tough. This is
>> Justin Timberlake. Is that Does that
count? Mickey Mouse Club.
>> I don't We're thinking thinking
cartoons.
>> The cartoon.
>> Yeah.
>> Mickey.
>> There we go. There you go.
>> Mini.
>> Mhm.
>> Got it.
[applause]
>> Wow.
>> Good time.
>> Got it.
>> Three, two, one, go. Now you got it in.
Oh, that was a good throw though. Slide
it up.
He's got to be exhausted from his
workout. [laughter]
>> He's the first person who actually
warmed up for the gauntlet.
>> Doug Stonewall Stonewall Douglas.
[laughter]
>> Oh, it's good.
>> Can delete that from my notes app.
>> There you go.
>> The off chance that happened.
Oh,
>> okay.
>> He did post a fitness recap the other
day. I happened to scroll past it. He
did get pretty fit this year.
>> Yeah,
>> he's been working out every day.
>> You got this, Stav.
>> Not a baseball guy.
>> The first one was so close.
>> Contact hitter.
There it is.
>> Yeah.
>> Bang.
>> Oh, go. Three-pointer. Three-pointer.
You got a good time. Oh, no. He's
running out of gas. [laughter]
>> He's running out of gas.
>> No, no, no.
>> Oh,
>> that's where he's got to find it.
>> Okay.
>> Uhoh.
Oh no.
>> He's there though. You're there.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, every shot being short is not a good
>> That's not good.
>> Oh no. He's got to find the strength.
>> There we go.
>> There it is. Boom.
Oh,
>> hell yeah.
>> Let's go. Right here. Sit right here.
>> [ __ ] yes.
>> You're at two minutes. Good time.
>> All right. Uh, let's see.
>> 10 NFL teams with three or more Super
Bowls.
>> That one's easy. Uh,
>> Steelers, unfortunately. Not a boy.
>> Uh, Cowboys.
Uh, Patriots.
Color [snorts] of the Mast's jacket?
>> Green.
>> Six main actors from the TV show
Friends.
>> Matthew Perry.
Uh, [ __ ] uh Jennifer Andist.
Uh, [sighs]
what the [ __ ] Uh,
>> three NBA players to average a triple
double for a season?
>> Uh, Westbrook. Uh, Joic. Oscar
Robertson.
>> Yep.
>> Hell yeah.
Yep. Got it. OH WOW.
>> WOW.
>> WOW. STOP. THAT was great.
>> Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
>> Oh yeah.
>> Three.
>> Two. One. Go. He already made one.
>> OH MY GOD.
>> OH, LOOK AT THAT. [laughter]
>> This would be awesome if he just does
this like the Terminator. Oh, Connor.
Conor. Connor. Conor.
>> Dick. Here.
>> Don't be a dick.
>> Conor. Conor.
>> Connor. Conor.
>> That was Conor's.
>> Oh, there it is. There it is.
Yeah, it's time. We got a timer.
>> I like that he's not hustling.
>> Yeah, this is He's like a He's T1000
right now.
>> Almost.
>> We might just have to say he got the
run.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> Yeah.
>> Oh my god. [music] Best time ever. You
did it. There it is.
He does have a decent time and he's
going so slow with no urgency.
>> He throws like a wrestler.
>> Yeah.
>> Like it's not a bad throw. It's just
like a It's a punch.
>> Kyle, what what are your thoughts on
professional wrestling
>> growing up as a
>> This is This is going to be
>> Okay, that's all right. We're not going
to judge. As long as you as long as you
don't airball it.
>> Oh, that's
>> Oh, you're fine. Fine.
>> Oh.
Uhoh. You're right there. Come on,
Brandon.
>> I think we have a chance
>> for You know who on this one?
>> Oh, yeah. I think we have a chance.
>> He's not a guy that holds back.
>> No, I think this might be our best
chance ever.
>> What if he doesn't think it's funny?
>> Well, [laughter]
I mean, no one thinks it's funny. That's
not going to deter us. I don't even
think it's funny anymore.
>> Oh my god.
>> Yep. YEP.
>> OH, LET'S GO.
>> IN HERE for trivia.
>> Trivia. You got a good time going.
>> Solid time. Get ready for a timer.
>> All right.
>> Human body parts with three letters.
>> Human body parts with three letters. Uh
leg.
[sighs]
>> Eight NHL teams with most wins all time.
>> Ah, some old teams. Uh, Maple Leafs,
Montreal Canadians,
Pittsburgh Penguins,
[sighs]
>> three flavors of Neapolitan ice cream.
That's easy.
>> That's chocolate, vanilla, and
strawberry.
>> There we go.
[snorts]
Um,
let's see. Oh, two players to chase the
MLB home run record in 1998. [sighs]
>> Sammy Sosa and Mark Magcguire.
>> There we go. And
Time.
>> Time. Time. Wow. 242.
>> Oh my god. Is that a record?
>> That might have been a record. That was
a record for you ever.
>> Yeah, that was a good time.
>> Wow. Great time.
>> And you did it. Looking cool. Three,
two, one, go.
>> There we go.
>> All right,
Vinnie.
>> I actually like his throw. I think he's
going to get one of these.
>> I think he's going to get one of these.
Oh no. Force builds up. There we go.
There it is.
[laughter]
>> There it is.
>> Oh god.
>> Hello.
>> Uh-oh. Should we make uh Rick roam
upstairs as as the squatch after
>> There it is. [laughter]
>> There it is.
>> He's got a good time going.
>> What's doing? Brandon, what the [ __ ]
>> Brandon thought he was bro thought it
was about himself.
>> A crispy snap of the net. and he
is a big boy.
>> Nice.
>> There it is.
>> Trivia time. Great time going. Let's rip
these. Eight NFL wide receivers with
five or more 100 catch seasons.
>> Wait, what?
>> I'm just 10 10 teams in
>> White Socks. Red Sox.
>> There you go,
>> Mike.
>> Talking the mic. Talking the mic. There
you go.
>> White Socks. Red Sox. Oh, 11 states that
border Canada. That one's easy.
>> Calvin Johnson, see in there with the
wide receiver.
>> Andre Johnson.
>> Yeah. 11 states that border Canada.
>> 11 states that border Canada. Michigan.
>> Yeah. Here we go.
>> North Dakota.
>> Yep.
>> Washington.
>> [ __ ] [laughter]
Connecticut. No, that's not nearly up
there. Vermont.
>> Why am I out of breath?
>> No, you're good. You're good. You have
>> Vermont.
>> Tent.
>> Dr. Suss.
>> Great Adam Sandler movies
>> with in with love interests with
initials VV.
>> So the classics
>> what? 51st Dates or something.
>> No.
>> Four fast food restaurants owned by Yum
Brand.
>> KFC.
>> Yeah.
>> How many am I at?
>> You have one more. You need one more. 10
teams in MLB, NA, NBA, NHL, NFL that
don't end with S.
>> Oh, [ __ ] That should be way easier than
I'm making it.
>> Restaurant.
>> You got it.
>> Name fast food restaurant.
>> We just went through this.
>> Name fast food restaurants. TJ's saying
>> McDonald's. [ __ ] Taco Bell.
>> Damn.
>> There it is. Nice. 241.
>> I'll take it. I feel really good about
how I shot a basketball.
>> Really good.
>> That's for the That's for the coach that
cut me in high school.
>> There you go. Three, two, one, go.
>> Here we go.
>> Nice call.
>> Yeah.
Oh.
>> Oh, he tried to walk it off.
>> It was good.
>> It went foul. Oh my lord. Get it in
there.
>> Okay, cowser.
>> Knock it off.
>> Oh, you're doing great, sweetie.
[laughter]
>> Hey, there we go.
>> Boot it.
>> What a
>> Oh, that was
>> And
>> love it.
>> That's good.
>> Oh, good block.
>> You might get a Oh my gosh. Oh god. He's
going to
>> put some moves. There you go.
>> There it is.
>> There we go.
>> This one tough.
>> Yeah.
>> Is he
>> There it is.
>> That'll That'll You just have to get in
in like
>> above this floor like this.
>> This one.
>> There it is. Got it.
>> Just one there.
>> Basketball.
>> Move the Move the Cornhole. Move the
corn.
>> Move the corn.
>> Oh, cow.
>> There we go.
>> Oh, it makes me so paranoid.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's what
>> we got to move the cornhole.
>> Gota.
>> Alex Gruso tripped over the cornhole
>> and our lives flashed before our eyes.
[laughter]
>> Trivia.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Mike, here you go. Sit down.
Sit down.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Okay. Uh, Olsson twins. It's not
Elizabeth.
>> No.
Try six NFL teams or
>> yellow, white, orange, candy corn.
>> There you go.
>> Confederate states.
Brandon.
>> Uh,
>> beginning, middle, end for parts of a
story.
>> That's not how you spell beginning.
[laughter] No.
>> Lifeline.
>> That's not it. Never mind.
>> Uh, most visited cities. 10 most visited
cities.
>> Um, let's go. Rome.
>> Got to be.
>> Um, [laughter]
Paris,
New York.
>> Um,
NFL teams with orange in their logo.
That one's
>> Bengals.
>> There you go.
>> Bears.
>> Here you go. Here we go.
>> Um,
>> cooking. Cooking.
>> Bengals. Bears.
>> Best NBA players.
>> Orange. What the heck?
>> Best NBA players of all time.
>> 10. 10 NBA players with over 10 all NBA
first team selection. Just name the best
NBA players.
>> Um, Kobe Bryant.
>> There we go.
>> Um, LeBron James.
>> Goat.
>> Yeah.
>> And
basketball. Geez. Kevin Durant.
>> No. Oh, you're missing a
>> um
>> Come on.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> Come on. [laughter]
>> Come on.
>> The five key parts of a story.
>> Confederate states.
>> Come on, Colt.
>> Any state that is Texas?
>> I didn't even see that one. I would have
got that.
>> There it is.
>> 241's good.
>> 41.
>> That one is a legitimate good time.
>> 3 2 1 go.
>> I hope it I hope it's not true.
Oh man,
>> start.
>> That makes me look bad.
>> Oh yeah.
>> That's going to hurt.
>> Oh, I [laughter] told baseball.
>> Uhoh.
>> He said he was most nervous about this.
>> Oh, there you go.
Oh,
>> build your position, Gav.
>> Trying to
Oh, nope. Uhoh,
this one. The [ __ ] I was wrong.
>> Yep.
>> What year was the dunk contest, Titus?
>> 97.
>> 97. Yeah. So there could be video
footage.
>> Yeah,
>> there's no video footage. No,
>> no video foot. It was just something
Brandon said and we all accepted as fact
and then someone
>> reached out.
>> Someone reached out and was like, I
don't think it actually happened.
>> Oh my god.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Six states to border Utah.
>> I don't know. Uh
>> most popular musical instruments.
>> Guitar,
drums, the tuba. Let's go. Toronto Maple
Leaves top NHL team, the Florida
Panthers.
The
>> Tampa Bay Lightning.
Um,
tennis grand slams.
>> Cohog for Family Guy.
>> Didn't we just have this one the other
day?
>> Uh,
>> toparmacies in the US.
>> CVS, Walgreens.
>> There you go.
How many more I need?
>> Uh, one after those two, I think.
>> See where
>> more musical instruments.
>> Where's Where are the Simpsons located?
>> Oh my gosh. How did I not know that?
>> Where's the Bear?
>> The Bear. That really local show.
>> Same instrument.
>> Chicago.
>> Yeah.
>> Here we go.
>> Biggest tennis tournaments,
>> the US Open.
>> What's the British one?
>> There you go. That's 10.
>> All right.
>> Oh, you got it. That's solid time.
>> That's good. That's a really good time.
>> Thank you guys.
>> 3 2 1 go.
>> It's [ __ ] over.
>> Come on, Kyle.
>> He's got to speed it up.
>> Faster, Kyle.
>> Oh, that's a good shot, though.
[laughter]
>> Good shots don't count here.
>> You're done.
>> Yeah, it's the
>> Now, so as your teammate, do you want
him to do well or poorly?
>> Poor Kyle.
>> Yeah, but you want to do better.
>> There you go. [ __ ] her.
Dave's job.
>> I want him to do well and I want to do
>> Whoa.
>> more well.
>> Yeah.
>> But do you want to beat him by 1 second
or do you want to beat him by like a
minute?
>> I mean, given this start, I'm hoping
>> in baseball. You got to hit it.
>> I'm hoping I beat him by a little bit
>> for a second.
>> Uhoh.
>> Did you guys play other sports?
>> That that baseball toss up might give me
some issues here.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Uh, we both played We both
played basketball.
>> Yeah, I played basketball. Yeah. Why?
Why are you swinging?
>> Gone.
>> There we go.
>> Yep.
>> Kyle's ripping 85 barrel speed.
>> You know what? Might be self tosses
right now.
>> Throwing the football. I'm a little
sore. [music]
>> Yeah, I pitched yesterday.
>> Yeah.
>> So, he's like a baseball like nerd
almost.
>> He Yeah, he loves Yeah, that's good.
>> He loves the game.
>> This could have [music] some issues
here. We were working on the jumper.
>> Yeah,
>> just a little bit before this. So, this
is where you [music] guys have to
>> other side.
>> Dave's not doing a very good job, is he?
>> Come on, Kyle. Decent shot.
>> Yeah, jumper doesn't look bad.
>> There. Any trivia.
>> Trivia.
>> This is actually where this is the uh
>> Anywhere you want.
>> Anywhere.
>> All right. Here.
>> All right. You got to answer.
>> 10 most popular pets in the US. Dog.
Cat. Where is it at?
>> Right there. Uh, the one it's middle
bottom.
>> Middle bottom. Oh. Uh, lizard.
Guinea pig.
>> Interesting. [laughter]
>> Um,
>> went dog, cat,
>> you can bounce.
>> Yeah. Six. Six names of chess pieces.
>> Oh, knight. Queen. Um, pawn,
bishop.
>> There we go. [panting]
Rook.
>> There you go.
>> Big chess guy.
>> Yeah. Wow.
>> I can tell.
>> Chess has be five members of in sync.
Um, okay.
Uh, more pets.
>> What about pets? Yeah.
>> Um,
lizard. [laughter]
>> I know. No, you got it.
>> Okay. Um, fish.
>> There we go.
>> Yeah. Yeah, we're getting there.
>> Um,
Zeus, Greek god.
>> There you go.
>> Time.
>> 239. That's a pretty good.
>> Very solid. Let's go.
>> That has That has you in the top third
all time. probably top half baseball.
Baseball players tend to be good at
this.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> All right, Jordan Davis here.
>> Okay,
I think we're going to get one today,
boys.
>> I think we're going to get one.
>> I think Here we go.
>> I think we're going to get one. Get one.
>> Titus, you had him on Mostly Sports. No,
>> we did. Yes.
>> Did you prep him for Jared?
>> We did not. Okay.
>> No,
>> no, you can't. I've thought about that.
I've thought about that and I'm like,
that would just feel so cheap.
>> So cheap.
>> Like when Sam Mororrow was here last
week, I was like, I could easily just go
up to him and be like, "Hey, dude,
>> freak out."
>> Jared has uh reinvigorated the gauntlet
for
>> I think so. I think so.
>> The gauntlet was a little maybe, but now
it's I think if we get to like a year
with nothing and then we finally hit
that would be ideal.
>> Oh, imagine the super cut of people not
caring.
>> Yeah. I mean, look at us right now.
We're not even paying attention.
>> Just for play.
>> This is the opening crawl. He's got an
incredible time. Don't care. [laughter]
>> It's all about one thing.
>> Just waiting for Jared.
>> One shining moment.
>> Got an incredible time going.
>> Uh-oh.
>> Oh no.
>> We started caring.
>> Oh [ __ ]
Oh no.
>> Oh no.
>> Oh no. Nick Carter's laughing.
>> Just glad he's having a good time.
>> Kate, are you prepared?
>> I I think I think so. I'm going to try
not.
>> Oh no.
>> [ __ ] weird.
>> Okay.
>> Sounds like she's pretty prepared.
>> I'm way more out of breath than
>> All right. You just you need 10 total.
You can skip a round. Uh what do we got?
>> NFL teams to start with the letter B.
The Bills,
the
>> Bengals.
>> Yep.
>> The Buccaneers.
>> Starburst flavors. Keep going with the
bees if you got them, but Starburst
flavors also easy.
>> Uh, strawberry.
>> Mhm.
>> Orange.
>> Watermelon.
>> Mhm.
>> Do you know the colors of the flag of
Brazil? That also
>> Five Liquors in a Long Island iced tea.
>> Green.
>> Yep.
>> Yellow.
>> Blue.
>> Yep.
>> White.
>> Yeah, you got that. You got all those?
All right. We just
>> need two more. Two women to have married
Ben Affleck.
>> Jennifer Lopez.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh
[sighs]
>> I don't know.
>> Seven Harry Potter books. Just need one.
>> I'm not a Harry Potter fan.
>> All right. Think of the NFL teams.
You're here right now. NFL team start
with letter B.
>> Oh, Bears.
>> There you go.
>> Bang.
37.
>> That's a great
>> great time. That last three ball got
you.
>> That got one.
>> Yeah.
>> Got it. Got you bad.
>> Come it. It's the old rabbit chasing
injury.
>> Well, I like that dad's though.
>> That was a good dad gummy.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> There we go.
>> Ooh.
>> Oh, blockade.
>> Got to slide it up there.
>> Nice.
>> Nice. Nice.
>> Oh, the boots might be a problem.
>> He said before this he said he had a
strategy he wanted to use. So, I'm
interested TO SEE [laughter]
NICE. OH, that's Is that in? Yeah.
>> Life alert.
>> Baseball.
>> Oops.
>> Baseball. Baseball.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Easy.
>> This he should be good at.
>> Does he have command issues? Oh no.
Chase's fault.
>> Miss right.
Come on Shane.
Miss right.
Oh,
>> in his defense, he's hitting the exact
same spot perfectly. No accuracy, but
precision.
>> He's hitting the spot and and we throw
to a like a square. That's a little bit
of an oval. So, he's hitting that down
and out pitch really well.
>> Baseball wise, he's doing amazing.
>> Miss right. There it is.
That was tough. That was tough to watch.
That's going to hold him up. Oh, that
would have been big.
Who holds the bar stool gauntlet right
now?
>> Me. You?
>> Yeah. What's your time? Had it since the
beginning.
>> Six. I have the top two.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. I had a perfect run.
>> Do baseball players do a lot of cardio
or not really.
>> We play every single day, so it's like
we just get our cardio in game that way.
>> Yeah. It's We don't have off days, you
know.
>> All right. Here we go.
little gas. Uh,
>> what do we got for you?
>> Four states that start with the letter
A.
>> Jin,
>> four states that start with the letter
A.
>> Adam and Eve's sons.
>> Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas.
>> Here we go.
>> Let's go.
>> Quick.
>> Earl Milling Company.
>> Happy Meal Gang.
>> Eight NFL teams with the most Pro
Football Hall of Famers. Cowboys, Bears,
>> old teams,
>> uh, Colts.
>> Um,
let's see. Niners,
>> um,
>> there we go.
>> God, [sighs]
>> you got two more.
>> Packers, Vikings.
There we go. Oh,
>> uh,
Chiefs,
>> Giants.
>> That's got to be it. Yeah,
>> let's go. Good time. 36. What happened
with the control there, Shane?
>> Dude, I was painting down and away.
>> Yeah, [laughter]
>> I was painting it.
>> Three, two, one, go. All right, here we
go, Joe. Here we go. He's taking a very
deliberate approach.
Kind of like that. It's close. I'm
rooting very hard for him.
>> Uhoh. Cuz he is got a new hip for God's
sake.
>> Add your legend.
>> There we go.
>> There it is.
Oh yeah.
>> Shoot.
>> Wow. Wow. Wow.
>> This cat's throwing himself.
>> Yes.
>> Oh.
>> Oh. Oh god. Catch redemption.
>> There it is.
Yeah, Kate, how stupid do you feel?
>> I felt so dumb.
>> Handle the footballs.
>> I was just going to say I didn't realize
there was positions where you're not
really a football guy.
>> He just blocked the [ __ ] No, he's the
most football guy. He doesn't touch the
football.
>> Knocks the [ __ ] out of people and just
stonewalls. There we go.
>> He doesn't give a [ __ ] about
>> How many seconds How many His career was
long. How many seconds has he touched a
football in the NFL?
>> That's good. That's Are there games
where they can go the entire game on the
field and not touch the ball?
>> Yeah, he's an offensive lineman.
>> Never thought about that before.
>> Most guys who get on the field do not
touch the ball?
>> Yeah.
>> Right.
>> I never really thought about that.
Won't touch it. It shouldn't be called
football.
>> No.
>> Continuing to learn.
>> Do you think he has 12 [music] seconds
touching football in the NFL?
>> Let's ask him.
>> All right. Here we go. Oh, here we go.
Trivia.
>> You're having a great time. You're
having a great time. Here, sit right
here. Sit right here so you can see.
>> Six NFL teams with orange in their logo.
>> Okay.
>> Cleveland Browns.
>> Here we go. [laughter]
>> Out for a second there.
>> Uh, Miami Dolphins.
>> Uh,
>> uh, first names of the Olsson Twins.
>> So, I got to answer all of
>> No, no, no. Just jump around. Jump
around.
>> Oh, okay.
>> Any any category you see? Three colors
of of candy corn. Uh, first name of the
Olsson twins. It's Mary Kate and Ashley.
>> Yep. Color colors of candy corn.
>> Uh, orange, yellow, white.
>> Yep.
>> Four countries.
>> Yeah.
>> According to the game of risk,
Argentina, Brazil.
>> There we go.
>> Venezuela, Uruguay.
>> Uh,
>> oh, there we go. Time. Nice. 230. Okay.
That's why I only needed 10 of those.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> You [ __ ] crushed that.
>> Three, two, one, go.
Oh.
>> Oh [ __ ]
>> You guys don't put the little sid spin
on it.
>> Is there a technique or something?
>> I like flat kind of.
>> You got to watch those kids on ESPN.
>> Oh yeah. Every every one of those guys
are sponsored by a different brand of
baked beans.
>> Yes. Yeah. Like they're all
>> Every jersey has a different loaded up
with bushes like good old America right
there.
>> Yeah. Oh yeah. Americana.
Oh,
>> that's fine. The [laughter]
>> window.
He's high. He's a little high.
>> Gavin's trying to do some redecorating
around here.
>> Yeah, I think so.
>> Oh, [laughter]
there goes all our [ __ ]
>> Just rip it. [laughter]
>> Come on.
>> These saves are crazy.
>> Oh my god.
Lefty. Come on. Chirp him, Brandon.
>> Here we go.
>> Yeah.
>> Does he ever get really pissed off?
>> He does.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Yeah,
>> he does.
>> I'm a bit pissed.
>> He seems pretty mild manner.
>> Yeah,
>> I feel like I
>> Holy [ __ ]
>> Wow.
>> Wasn't for that cornhole.
>> Oh, he liked that one, too.
>> Oh,
>> trivia. Good ass time. Dang, Gav, keep
going.
>> All right.
>> NFL teams that end in
>> er
countries that border France, Britain,
>> Italy,
>> it's got a border kind of
>> water border channel.
>> States on the Mississippi River. Uh,
Missouri,
Louisiana, Mississippi.
>> Five colors of the original Power
Rangers.
>> Blue, red, green,
purple,
orange. Maybe.
>> Oh,
>> you got Packers.
>> The two more. [snorts]
>> Uh, watermelon,
green apple,
grape.
>> How many more I need?
>> One.
Alcarez for the tennis. Oh, uh, never
mind. This is women's. Um, uh, Serena
Williams. Venus Williams.
>> Time. 227. Got him.
>> Good time.
>> What [applause] was yours? 229.
>> Oh, man.
>> Good run.
>> 3 2 1 go.
>> Here we go.
>> Oh no. Strong.
>> Oh no.
>> Feel like pitchers should be good at
Uhoh.
Oh,
>> that's tough. Uhoh.
>> Got to get that in.
>> THERE IT IS.
>> OH, NO. RIGHT.
>> NOPE.
>> NO.
>> There it is.
>> Oh, we have a goalie.
>> Yeah,
>> that's kind of wild.
>> Yeah, if you kick them fat. Look. See,
now you can score from anywhere.
>> There it is.
>> Baseball.
I love how you just didn't move right
there.
>> I don't know.
>> I thought it I was trying to impress
you.
>> I feel like you guys should be really
good at this.
>> Oh, footballs are different, though.
Like, did you see uh I think it was
Burrow that was at the Fanatic.
>> Oh, that was bad.
>> Yeah, football throw and baseball throw
are a little different.
>> Burrow couldn't throw a baseball.
>> It was so bad. No, like he was trying to
throw to the plate and every single
throw went like in the cage by
>> 15 ft left.
>> Every little ball.
>> This is a really good time that we're
kind of glossing over.
>> Yeah.
>> But the trivia counts for the time or
No, [music]
>> yep.
>> All right. Here we go. Trivia.
>> Under a minute 30.
>> All right, let's find it. Oh,
>> do you know hockey at all?
>> Characters in Mario Kart?
>> Uh, Toad, Miss Peach,
um, Ninja Turtles, Raphaela or Raphael,
uh, Michelangelo.
>> That's
>> uh, what else we got here?
>> Uh, three NBA teams with the letter Z in
their name.
>> How many do you need?
>> Uh, the Grizzlies.
>> 10. 10 total.
>> 10 total.
>> Feel like you can get someone else in
the the Mario.
>> Yeah, there's somebody there. Mario,
Wario, Luigi, Waluigi.
>> There we go. Original. Original.
>> I can't even see.
>> How did the Grizzlies not count?
>> Three members of InSync. Is that
Timberlake? Is he in there?
>> Yeah.
>> Uh, eight teams. Are the Flyers in the
Atlantic Division? I don't know.
>> Provinces, territories of Canada. Um,
>> Ontario, Quebec.
>> There you go.
>> There you go. Get it.
>> New Finland, uh, British Columbia.
>> There you go. Time.
>> Time.
>> 226.
>> Why did the Grizzlies not show up?
>> You got screwed there.
>> I got screwed by that cornhole. That's
what I got screwed.
>> I can't believe that one didn't go in.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> Here we go.
>> Does he ever say bad words?
>> No.
>> He won't say [ __ ]
>> Really?
>> Uh, maybe.
>> Working on it. Bags have got to be
better,
>> dude. He's an actual stand up guy.
>> I could tell it's great shooter.
>> Great dude.
>> I think kicking the ball into Brandon
helped me.
>> Yeah, definitely.
>> Oh, for sure.
>> Oh, there it is.
>> Nice.
>> All right, this is He's got to hit a
home run.
>> Uhoh.
>> Oh, he
>> power.
>> Wow.
>> Oh, I hit the thing at least. Oh. Oh,
no.
[laughter]
>> Boys are rusty today.
>> Yeah, Chay and Brandon are
>> not a bad shot.
>> No.
>> Lefty. It's going to look good. Lefty.
>> Yeah. Feel like we never have lefties
here. It's like weird to see.
>> Yeah.
>> [ __ ]
>> Wow.
>> Oh no.
>> He doesn't have to say off.
>> Calling a shot.
>> We kind of know it.
>> Oh, bank shot. Hey,
>> you're under two minutes.
[sighs]
>> 10 states bordering Mississippi River.
>> 10 states bordering the uh still
>> start uh start with the one maybe
>> 49ers.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The 49ers. [laughter]
>> Yeah.
>> There's uh Packers.
Uh,
[sighs]
three and Jolly Ranchers. Four main
parts of the brain.
10 states born in the Mississippi River.
Louisiana, Mississippi.
>> There we go.
>> Arkansas, Tennessee.
>> Oh, he knows them.
>> Missouri, Illinois.
>> Yep.
>> Uh,
uh, Minnesota.
>> Time 225. You beat Shane. It's
>> up three.
>> Three, two, one, go.
Okay. Come on.
>> That's all right. That's all right. Stay
in it. You just got to stay in it. There
it is.
>> Soccer. Soccer.
>> Stay in it.
>> Oh, I thought it went in.
>> Yeah, me too.
>> Okay. You can score from anywhere.
>> Owen. Does Owen know this is the
American?
>> There we go.
>> There it is.
Come on, Brandt. Come on, Brand.
>> Come on, Brand. I don't want to say this
is literally going to be who wins the
President's Cup, but
it
>> feels like that's what's at stake here,
>> doesn't it?
>> Yeah. We need some Lee Greenwood or
something.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, no. He's too strong.
>> That's what it is.
>> He's too You're too strong.
>> There it is. All right. All right. All
right. All right. Let's get cooking. Oh,
I thought that was in.
>> You were like at 45 seconds at this
point.
>> All right, there we go.
>> Yeah, the second three point.
>> Put the hat backwards.
>> There we go.
>> There you go.
>> Just makes you look cooler.
>> OH, YES.
>> LET'S GO.
>> Got a good shot.
>> That is a good shot.
>> Oh, good form.
Oh, no.
>> Come on, Brand.
>> Uhoh.
>> Oh no.
>> Uhoh. Uhoh. Oh no.
>> There we go.
>> Yes. Let's go. Trivia. Trivia.
>> You got about a minute. You got about a
minute to win the President's Cup.
>> All right. Oh man.
>> Give me something here.
>> Twins.
>> Uh, seven.
>> Mary, Kate, Ashley.
>> Seven first Confederate States. Uh, got
to be Alabama, Mississippi,
uh, South Carolina, Tennessee.
>> Yep. NFL. Six NFL teams with orange in
their logo.
>> Uh, the Bengals, the Broncos.
>> Yes. Let's go. Browns.
>> Let's go.
>> Who else? Oh, come on.
>> Seven branch locations of Simmons Bank,
[laughter]
>> Little Rock, Nashville.
>> Three Three colors of traditional candy
corn.
>> Uh, oh. Orange.
>> Yep.
>> Yellow. WHITE.
>> YES. LET'S GO. [screaming] WE WON THE
PRESIDENCY.
>> NICE.
>> Suck on that, Jeff. Three, two, one, go.
>> Yeah, it's over.
>> Yeah.
>> Nice try, Julio.
>> I just looked at Bhutan on the map. I
thought it was like Thailand on the
coast or whatever. It's the Himalayas.
It's like nothing but mountains.
>> Pretty dangerous airport, I think.
>> Oh boy. Oh boy.
Oh man.
Oh man,
this is brutal for our guy.
>> First ever Yug Station ant gauntlet in
the same game.
>> So maybe
>> Come on, Julio.
>> Factory, man.
>> Julio,
>> nice.
>> Does Julian Does he know about Jared?
>> Whoa. No,
>> he doesn't know about Jer.
>> No,
>> Jesus.
>> He's [ __ ]
>> He's pissed.
>> Missing these. Holy
>> [ __ ] dude. [laughter]
>> That was crazy.
>> KB had a great football throw through
that before the show started. I just
wanted to acknowledge it.
>> Oh, yes.
>> Did it turn you on? [laughter]
So, Bhutan
>> very mountainous.
>> The most mountainous country in the
world.
>> Yeah.
>> Ditches the hat. Smart.
[laughter]
>> Jade. Sorry, I laughed in a meaner way
than I should have.
>> There you go.
>> His glass is knocked off.
Oh,
>> bang. All
right, here we go.
Prince Albert.
[sighs] Uh,
[gasps]
Mark Maguire,
Sammy Sosa,
>> three flavors of Neapolitan,
>> strawberry, vanilla, chocolate. [sighs]
getting close to Antarctica, Chile,
Argentina, South Africa,
uh, Argentina, South Africa, Batswana.
>> Time,
>> Australia.
>> There you go. 219.
>> Pretty good.
>> Good job, Julio. Three, two, one, go.
Come on, Paulo.
>> Good calf muscles on him, too. Does.
Wow.
>> He's got those UPS track,
>> but happy.
Uhoh. You're doing all right.
>> Should we uh hit up Danny? Bush check.
>> Is it brother's wedding?
>> Yeah. Did he trim? What help?
>> Jesus.
God damn.
>> Was he a goalie in college?
>> The hell.
>> No. No. In in it.
Baseball.
>> So, I know I really enjoyed baseball
dodgeball yesterday.
>> I think it has potential.
>> Hard. Yeah, it was kind of fun.
>> That's it. Apollo.
How's Beast? Oh.
>> Uh-oh.
Oh, there we go. [laughter]
>> Are open.
>> COME ON.
>> YES.
>> YES. [screaming]
[laughter]
>> YES.
>> No hosing today.
>> Let's go.
[laughter]
>> YES.
>> YOU'RE DOING GREAT. HURRY. HURRY. Come
sit down in a chair. Pull. Mic up.
>> The scan.
>> Oh my god, I can't see anything.
>> Okay. [laughter]
Um,
>> eight Jewish holidays.
>> Rainbow.
>> Uh, Hanukkah.
[sighs and gasps]
>> Seven colors of a rainbow.
>> There we go.
>> Uh, blue,
purple, red,
yellow, uh,
green.
[panting and sighs]
>> What are the other I really can't see.
>> Nordic countries. What are some Nordic
countries?
>> Oh, uh, uh, Norway, [gasps]
[sighs] uh, Sweden,
Denmark, uh, Iceland, [gasps]
[sighs]
>> Finland,
>> what a run.
>> Good stuff.
>> We're not used to doing physical
activity.
>> Us [laughter] either.
>> That was awesome, Paulo. Sick.
>> 218's a good time.
>> Three, two, one, go.
Is Alyssa the goalie for the team right
now?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, that's awesome.
>> And then I play center back. So, I like
play right in front of her.
>> That's defense.
>> Yeah, I'm the like the last defender.
>> Soccer.
>> I am not a huge soccer. We have Zah in
there who's a massive soccer fan. Big
Arsenal fan.
>> There we go. All right, let's see.
Jesus.
>> Oh,
Dom.
>> Penn State on Penn State.
>> Oh.
>> Oh, come on.
>> The whiffle ball was hard.
>> Yeah, you got screwed by [music] the
roof.
>> I kept hitting the ceiling. Yeah.
>> Nice. Football. Football.
>> There we go.
>> Nice. Less. Where are your guys' home
games?
>> Um, we play out in um Bridge View right
now at where the fire to Northwestern
next year.
>> Oh, nice. In the new stadium.
>> She got a good looking shot.
>> Whenever it's
>> Yeah, that's going to be an awesome
stadium.
>> Yeah, I do think it'll be nice, but
>> she played in high school.
>> Basketball.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow. You can tell she's not really
>> Yeah, the follow through.
>> Follow through is great.
>> Looks good except for the the most
important part.
>> Yep. There it is. Looks
She got a good time.
>> OH, LET'S GO.
>> WOW. LET'S GO.
>> OKAY.
>> Seven Harry Potter books.
>> Talking the mic. Talking the mic.
>> Sorcerer stone. Deathly Hollows one.
Deathly Hollows 2.
>> Yes.
>> Sorcerers. Main colors. Philosopher
Stone. Philosopher Stone.
>> Flag of Brazil.
>> Uh, yellow, green,
blue.
>> Yep.
>> Here we Original Starburst flavors.
Cherry, orange,
>> yellow.
>> It's not a flavor.
>> Uh, pink.
>> Where are we at?
>> Uh,
>> NFL teams that start with B. Women.
>> Women. Uh, Jennifer Lopez. Jennifer
Gardner.
>> Wait, where are you guys looking?
>> That was uh two
>> NFL teams starting with the B.
>> Bengals, Bears.
>> Yep.
>> Done.
>> Wow. 317.
>> Good job, [applause] Les.
>> Golly.
That was awesome.
>> Three,
>> two, one, go.
>> There we go.
>> All right, Bobby.
>> OH, LET'S GO. BOBBY BONES.
>> Bobby Bones.
>> All right.
>> Got the big Arkansas tattoo.
>> Extremely expensive shoes on.
>> He also was very right about the soccer
not making it to Arkansas. [laughter]
>> It was in Russian.
>> Oh, nice.
LOST ONE OF THOSE BOBBY.
>> SHOOT.
>> Holy [ __ ]
>> Bobby.
>> 30 seconds. Oh, a shoe fell off.
>> Not a bad shot.
>> All right, big man. You're good.
>> You're good. He won't be
>> There we go. Some controversy with that
goal.
>> Both shoes are off.
I'm not going to say anything to the
sport.
>> He seems like a guy that knows a lot.
>> You guys talk.
>> Record time. You're at a minute.
>> You got to fly through this. And you go
>> uh two women that are married Ben
Affleck. Uh Jennifer Lopez
and uh uh uh Jennifer Garner.
>> Starburst flavors. Uh, red, yellow,
>> pink, flavors, flavors,
>> strawberry.
>> Yeah.
>> Lime,
>> banana, watermelon,
uh, apple.
>> Five liquors in a Long Island. I iced
tea.
>> Don't drink.
>> NFL teams start with B.
>> Uh, Buffalo.
Uh,
>> I think it's team names.
>> Oh, Bills.
Uh, where can we do? Uh, original. Let's
see.
>> Seven Harry Potter books. No way. Colors
of the flag of Brazil. Green, yellow,
white,
uh, blue,
red.
>> Okay.
>> How many? What do I need?
>> Two more.
>> Uh, one instrument starting with letter
xylophone.
>> Xylophone. There we go.
>> Oh, boy.
>> Happiest countries in the world.
>> Uh, NFL team starting with B. Bills,
Bengals.
>> There you go. There you go.
>> Bang.
>> What a run.
>> This is one of the best times.
>> Yeah, that was incredible. Three, two,
one, go. All right, here we go.
>> I love Joey Lat, so I really want him to
do well.
>> The nicest guy
>> ever.
>> Nice.
>> All right.
>> Ooh,
>> this is a big test for Connor.
>> Oh,
>> will Connor be a dick after? I don't
know. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, he is a dick.
>> Connor hates him.
It's the Penn State.
>> It's the P. Yeah.
>> Oh, Connor's
>> Conor Connor.
>> Conor [laughter]
away part. That's There we go.
>> Yeah.
>> That's all right. [laughter]
>> There it is. Football. Football.
Football. Football. Football.
>> Yeah. See, this is why I think the
records never got broken for so long is
because like when you have people like
that, they lose
>> like 3 seconds, you know?
>> Right. Whereas we all know it.
>> He's got a good time going.
>> Yeah, he does.
>> This is where it could fall apart
though.
>> Good shot.
>> Short. Short.
>> This is what doom.
>> There you go.
>> What?
>> This is what doomed you.
>> I know. This is about the time where you
said,
>> "All right, here we go."
>> The football [laughter] is what doomed
me. You can sit there. You can sit
there. All right. All right,
>> let's see. Nine teams in Florida, NBA,
NFL, MLB, NHL. Just rip off some Florida
teams.
>> All right, here we go. Yeah, Panthers,
Dolphins,
uh Buccaneers,
>> uh Lightning,
>> [sighs]
>> ix states bordering Pennsylvania.
>> Yeah, Marlins.
Let's see.
So, New York,
uh, New Jersey,
uh, Ohio,
>> let's see, Tennessee, [sighs]
>> Jan, Marshia.
>> There you go.
>> There we go.
>> There you go. There you go.
>> And yes, time.
>> That's a good time.
>> 205.
>> Good time.
>> There we go, Joel.
>> That was a great time. Let's see where
you
>> Soccer got me.
>> Yeah, soccer. He's a dick.
Three, two, one, go.
>> Did you Did you know KB [clears throat]
there
>> or did did you hear us call him KB?
>> No, I I I'm a I'm a huge Dolie.
>> Oh, love that. Oh, it went in.
>> Thank you.
>> Off his back. Yeah, that was big for
you, KB.
>> Hell yes. I'm
>> a Brewers fan now.
>> Oh, that's good. Oh, man.
>> That one. That was good. Yeah.
>> Yeah, they're good at throwing.
>> Okay, here's what he was.
>> This is a good time.
>> Oh [ __ ]
>> I was worried.
>> I'm not worried though because he's
going to suck at trivia,
>> right?
>> No.
>> Huh?
>> Oh, trivia. Holy [ __ ]
>> You're under a minute.
[snorts]
>> Relax, breathe, and
>> All right.
>> Most popular pets in US.
>> Uh, dog.
>> Yeah.
>> Cat, bird, maybe.
>> Mhm.
>> Um,
>> chess pieces on a chess board.
>> The king,
>> rook, queen.
>> Oh my god.
>> Members on sync. Yeah.
>> What's that?
>> Members of InSync.
>> Oh my god.
>> Popular pets.
>> Last six vice presidents.
>> Can we do like Antarctica?
>> Sure. Sure.
>> No. Wait. Five largest empires by land
area. I don't even know what that is.
>> Oh,
>> two twins from
>> I'd go with pets again.
>> That's
Do you know the vice president?
>> Oh, yeah. Uh maybe a lizard.
something. You get a fish
>> part. Yeah.
>> Um
>> bunny or rabbit.
>> Time.
>> God dang.
>> I was nervous for a minute.
>> I thought it' be solid.
>> Three, two, one, go.
Oh.
>> Oh, there we go.
[laughter]
>> That was tried to jump over.
>> Where was Shay? Why did Chay just come
back into the spring?
[laughter]
Oh,
>> I'm realizing we didn't get a run
through from one of you guys today.
>> What do you mean?
>> One of us. One of you guys didn't do it.
>> Yeah. WELL, IF ANY OH [ __ ] [laughter]
EASY.
>> Another
[laughter]
[ __ ] killing us.
>> There we go.
>> What position is he? Catcher.
>> Catcher.
Come
>> on, Nick.
>> Oh, silent. Was that I thought that was
a silent ball.
>> Yeah.
>> Is trivia going to help him or hurt him?
>> Yep. There we go.
>> Good time. I think it's going to help
him.
>> Oh.
Pro sports teams in Texas,
NBA, NFL, MLB,
>> Rangers, Astros,
Texans, Cowboys,
Stars.
>> Not hockey.
>> Oh, not hockey.
>> Yeah,
>> hockey.
>> Mavericks.
>> Wow.
>> Um,
>> colors on the national
>> Rockets.
>> There we go.
>> All right. Uh,
>> colors on Germany's flag. Just name a
couple.
>> Uh, yellow, black, red.
>> There you go.
>> Uh, states with the most homeless
people. Uh, California. Yeah.
>> Uh, Seattle or I mean Washington. Sorry.
Uh, let's see.
>> Oh, you need one more. There it is.
>> Out of time.
>> Good guess.
>> Holy [ __ ]
>> 202.
>> Wow.
>> That was really good. That was really
good.
>> 2020.
>> Wow.
>> All right.
>> Damn. 3 2 1 go.
>> Here we go.
>> Let's go.
>> Oh, [laughter]
man.
>> Oh, that he's he's getting tired.
He's getting tired. He's been bad.
>> What position does he play?
>> Pitcher.
>> Okay. Left hand pitcher.
>> Oh yeah, we can tell.
>> Oh no.
Oh no.
[laughter]
>> There it is.
Is he Is he good?
>> Good pitcher. Yeah.
>> Yeah. What does he throw?
>> He's like uh forcing fast ball, slider,
and a sweeper.
Does a change up to righty's too
under a minute. Oh,
>> not a bad shot.
>> Titus, that didn't go well.
>> Yeah.
>> At all. Yeah, another flop. He gave him
the option of two, didn't went with an
either.
>> Ah,
>> there it is.
>> Trivia time.
>> Oh, you got state capitals.
>> State capitals.
>> Hawaii.
>> Hawaii. Honolulu.
>> Bottom right. It's the bottom right
section.
>> Springfield or Springfield.
Indianapolis. Frankfurt.
>> Oh, wow. Oh, look at him go.
>> Name
>> Augusta.
>> Oh my god.
>> Uh Carson City.
>> Oh, sorry. Albony. Said Frankfurt, too.
>> Albany. Um
>> Columbia. Uh Mont Peelers. Vermont.
>> What?
>> Lancing for Michigan. TJ.
>> Fastest.
>> Triple doubles.
>> Wow. Uh Russell Westbrook. Maybe
>> you got No. You got it right here.
>> Done.
>> Oh, I'm done.
>> TIME. WOW. ONE CATEGORY.
>> WOW.
>> CATEGORY 2011. 2011 category. Sweet.
>> All right,
>> that was sick.
>> Geography.
>> I don't know if we've ever had that.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> There we go.
>> Wow. Confident.
>> Oh [ __ ] Let's go, KYLE.
>> YES, KYLE.
>> That was angry.
>> Yes, Kyle.
>> Oh, no.
>> Uhoh.
>> One hand.
>> It's a unique.
>> There it is.
Yep. Oh.
>> Oh, he's crushing this.
>> Oh.
>> Oh, no.
>> It is.
>> Want that shot to be sweet, but it
sours. It's It's so funny that you like
forget like a lot of these baseball
players do not do college. So like
college town.
>> Yeah, college stuff. Don't know anything
about college.
>> All right.
>> All right. Here we go.
>> Movies in I don't know.
>> Flavors of a Coca-Cola in the Coke
Freestyle machine.
>> Oh. Cherry Coke, Vanilla Coke, Coke
Zero, Diet Coke.
>> Oh yes. Holy [ __ ]
>> Three with that vanilla.
>> Christian McCaffrey. Adrien Peterson.
>> Um, John F. Kennedy.
>> There it is.
>> NBA place.
>> Uh, Main Street.
>> There we go. Main.
>> Um,
>> who was the last president?
>> Donald Trump. Um, Biden.
>> Okay.
>> Um,
Steph Curry. Clay Thompson.
>> Yeah. Um, Reggie Miller.
Um, Kyle Corver.
Corver. Colors. Really? Colors in Magic
the Gathering. I don't know. Just name a
couple colors.
>> Colors. Yeah.
>> Just name colors. Just name.
>> Blue, red, green, orange.
>> There it is. Yes.
>> YELLOW. TWO MINUTES.
>> LET'S GO. [applause]
>> That's my boy.
>> You won the dot.
>> Hours. Two minutes.
>> Baseball record.
>> New baseball record. Oh,
>> holy [ __ ] Three, two, one, go.
>> Uhoh.
Oh no.
>> There it is.
>> Owen's back. Owen's looking strong.
Looking sharp.
>> Oh, that was his chance. There it is.
We got to hit this. Good work, blood.
>> Like I almost I almost went up to him
and wanted to be like, "Hey, you got to
react to this." But I can't eat the
natural reaction.
>> That's a terrible throw.
>> Not a great throw.
>> That's a comedian.
>> That's a It is funny.
>> That's a funny man.
>> That's actually a really damn job in his
act.
>> Just go out there and throw football,
dude.
>> Oh, there we go.
>> Oh yeah. Hey, said he's going to hoop
with us after rushing it right now.
>> Wow.
>> Oh, holy [ __ ] You got a good time, bro.
>> All right, here we go.
>> TJ TRIVIA. TRIVIA TJ.
>> OH, WHOA.
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> UH, double A.
>> Wait, wait, wait. You need the mic.
>> Double A. I can't see that far.
>> AA batteries needed
>> doublea. Oh, two
>> seven video game consoles to sell over a
100 million units. So, just Nintendo
Wii, Nintendo 64, Xbox, PS4, PS2,
uh, PS1.
>> Do you know any of the players in the
league? So, boom. Seahawks.
>> Oh, Marawn.
>> No. Defense.
>> Oh, Richard Sherman.
>> Yep.
>> How many more? for the side characters
with the most dialogue.
>> This is uh Ned Flanders, Mo, uh Apoo,
Crusty.
>> Yep.
>> And Nelson.
>> Yeah.
>> Two minutes.
And you got screwed.
>> And you got screwed.
>> What happened there?
>> Like 10 seconds off that.
>> What happened there, TJ?
>> TJ, what happened there?
>> I'm [ __ ] I'm David Wells in here.
Hangover's help.
>> What What happened there, TJ? Walk us
through that one.
>> Misinput. Oh, [ __ ] [ __ ]
[ __ ]
[laughter]
>> I was this close. I redeemed myself.
>> That was huge, dude.
>> Yeah, dude.
>> Uh,
>> the fastest comedian ever.
>> Comedian.
>> Wow. Wow.
>> Oh, the new champ.
>> [ __ ]
>> How about that?
>> 3 2 1 go.
>> Here we go. Right there.
>> Uhoh.
>> Oh, man. There it is. There we go.
Soccer.
Oh, hell yeah.
>> Oh, boy.
>> A bad day to tuck.
>> Bad day to tuck.
>> Uh-oh.
>> Oh.
>> How do you see these boys uh DJing
Future go? Do you have you see the
vision?
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah.
>> I I could teach. Oh [ __ ]
>> Go, go, go.
>> Holy [ __ ]
>> If he really is good at trivia.
>> Oh,
>> he's there. He's there.
>> Brandon needed an ice cream cone.
>> Yeah, Brandon does have an ice cream
cone.
>> He did know the state flower. Oh, I
thought he
>> Guy might be a trivia.
>> He won you over that with that, didn't
he?
>> I couldn't believe. Yeah, I mean, I
guess I could believe he knows it, but
>> Uhoh.
>> What is it?
>> The ranch is in trouble.
>> Yep. Trivia.
>> Okay. Trivia. Get in. group.
>> Okay. Any order, any you know
>> 10 most valuable American sports teams.
>> No, let's go.
>> Mike,
>> microphone.
>> Uh, let's go. Nine.
>> Oh, no. No. You just have to just name
as many as you can. Nine. Uh, countries
with the most Yeah. Countries with the
most islands.
>> Oh, the
>> primary colors.
>> Primary colors.
>> Red, blue, yellow.
>> Okay, that's three.
>> Okay.
>> Uh, 10 most valuable sports teams in
America. Dallas Cowboys, New England
Patriots, Los Angeles Lakers, Chicago
Bulls.
>> Wow.
>> Um, how many is that for?
>> Patriots. Uh, uh, you
>> Celtics
>> pieces on a chess board. What are they
named? Name the pieces on a chess board.
>> Uh, pawn,
king, queen, bishop, rook, and
>> you got it.
>> Time.
>> 159.
>> Could have got 140.
>> No. No. Don't say that's first pay. Uh,
>> that's actually good. Really good.
>> Let's go.
>> That's excellent.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> Oh, kind of nonchalant with that.
>> You got screwed by the bags there. So,
>> the bags are
>> There it is. Soccer.
>> That's what I I needed. I needed the
cornhole one to go
some speed on it.
>> You can move up
>> any distance now.
>> [laughter]
>> We got guys everywhere. This is the most
guy.
>> There it is.
>> Yep.
>> There it is. You got it. No. No. You're
good. You're good. You're good. I will
say as a pitcher the football one was
the was the sneaky hardest.
>> Yeah, that's crazy.
>> Different ball.
>> Damn, this is good time.
>> Best sport. Best sport. All right, here
we go.
>> All right,
>> rip them. Eight planets.
>> Oh my god.
>> What is it?
>> Eight planets. Just name the planet.
Venus, Mars, Pluto, Earth,
uh, Saturn,
>> four Yankees in the core four.
>> Uh, Jeter, A-Rod.
>> No,
>> no,
>> not A-Rod,
>> Jeter.
>> Oh, 11 NBA teams that never won a
championship.
>> That's a good question. Top 10 most
visited US cities. LA, New York,
>> San Francisco,
uh, Miami. You got it. Time
>> Holy 149.
>> 149.
>> God damn.
>> Sick.
>> That was nice.
>> That was real nice.
>> It's more winding than you would think.
>> I think that's second all time in in
baseball. Yeah.
>> Damn. Top 10.
>> Top 10.
>> Let's go.
>> That's
>> But offer your cities.
>> I could tell you're pretty [ __ ]
ecstatic, too. [laughter]
Three, two, one, go.
>> Oh, not a bad shot. Oh, he's right on
it.
>> Center it.
>> He's a slider.
>> Oh, he's not.
>> Get him.
>> Oh, what a shot. What a shot.
>> Bad visual.
>> He's doing well. He's a catcher, right?
>> Yeah.
>> There it is.
It's good shot.
>> Strong shot.
>> Kyle, what's the Klondike Express?
>> Sounds awesome.
>> It looks There we go.
>> Oh, he's [ __ ] good.
>> Is it like polar [music] themed?
>> Oh, on the line.
>> Kyle, I need a podcast with you.
>> There it is. Come on.
>> Gas talking
parks.
>> Got a good time going.
>> So, really good.
>> Birds. Birds in North America. Any bird.
Blue J or
>> there we go. Baseball
>> Dove.
>> Most watched games on Twitch
[sighs]
>> like video games.
>> Fortnite.
>> Got to be
>> Call of Duty.
>> He didn't get any of those birds.
>> Just dove
>> MLB players suspended for 100 or more
games due to peeds.
>> A-Rod. You're uh
>> main cuts of French fries. That should
be types of French fries.
>> Sprinkle fries. Curly fries.
>> I was about to say poutine.
>> Uh, waffle fries.
>> Nice.
>> Waffle. There we go.
>> Real nice.
>> That was crinkle. Now
>> Pop-Tart flavors.
>> Uh, strawberry.
>> Crinkle cut.
>> Chocolate. Cinnamon.
>> Oh.
>> Uh, Brandon Cook's team. Saints Cowboys.
>> Oh, there we go.
>> Time.
>> Let's go. [cheering]
>> 146.
>> WOW. OH GOD DAMN.
>> WOW.
>> HOURS YOUR RECORD STOOD FOR LIKE 10
MINUTES.
>> WOW. OH, what a time.
>> Let's go.
>> What a time. Three,
>> two, one, go.
>> Here we go.
>> All right.
>> Yesesh. Not bad. Oh.
>> Oh.
>> Oh, that's bad.
>> Okay.
>> Yo, your boy stinks at this. [laughter]
>> Oh, no. Oh, man. There it is. All right.
After you shoot the Oh,
>> if you miss on the first soccer shots,
you can then shoot from anywhere.
>> OH MY GOD. CHRIST.
>> There he is.
>> Always scary when they do it.
>> He's crushing this
roll. Not great.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh no. Oh boy.
>> There it is. Three basketball.
It's got a good
good spin on the ball.
>> Oh, we can watch it right here.
>> Get in there, ball.
>> There it is.
>> Wishman's
filming.
>> There it is.
>> Right.
>> Sit on down.
>> Great time so far. Good
>> microphone.
>> Uh,
>> in sync members, chest pieces.
>> Uh, Justin Timberlake, 12 Greek gods.
You got Zeus, Poseidon.
>> Let's go.
>> Uh,
not Socrates.
>> 10 most popular pets in US.
>> Dogs, cats, birds, fish.
Uh,
>> here we go.
>> Chest pieces.
>> Mike Pence.
>> There we go.
>> Kla Harris.
Um JD Vance
>> B.4.
>> Wow.
>> That might be the best.
>> That might be the best sports.
>> Let's see.
>> That was an awesome time.
>> Missed 10 basketball shots.
>> Top top sport.
>> Top five.
>> Bang. Top athlete. Top baseball. Top
athlete overall. Top top non uh Barcel
employee.
>> Huh.
>> Holy [ __ ] Good word.
>> Not too shabby.
>> I think I need to do that for a warm-up
before I go [laughter] in a game.
>> Yeah.
>> Six overall.
>> 3 2 1 go.
>> You could tell he's nervous as [ __ ]
Come on, Burke.
>> It's all right.
>> Get it in there.
>> There it is.
>> Soccer. Soccer.
>> Good soccer.
Goal. Baseball.
>> Uhoh.
>> He's going for it.
>> Uh-oh. Hit a nuke.
>> Yep.
>> Football. Holy [ __ ] Football.
>> That is so light.
>> Yeah.
>> He said he was sore. Or is that you?
>> We're both sore, but he's a little
>> He's doing good. Probably more. This is
record. Come on, Sean.
>> Come on. Come on.
>> Oh, now you're in his head.
>> Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
>> Three-pointer.
This isn't.
>> Ah, someone's got a feeding ball. Ah,
>> come on, Burke.
D. Trivia, trivia, trivia, trivia. Come
on. Come on. Come on. See it better
here.
>> I can't see from here.
>> Going for sub two. What's it going to
be?
>> Four NBA teams.
>> Characters in Mario Kart.
>> Luigi,
Donkey Kong, Diddy Kong, Mario.
>> Uh, the 64. So, the new the oldest one.
Peach.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. NHL teams in the Atlantic. I don't
know if
>> provinces in Canada.
>> Uh Quebec.
>> Yeah.
>> Alberta.
>> Five most populated cities in 2023.
Tokyo, Shanghai, New York.
>> Nice.
>> Uh he's your kind of guy, Kyle. That was
>> one more. One more. Mario Kart.
>> Uh Bowser.
>> He said, he said Diddy Kong time.
>> ONE
OF YOU GOT IT. That [snorts] is awesome.
>> That's what a time.
>> Holy [ __ ]
>> That's got to be like top 10 or 15 ever
probably.
>> Wait, who is the all time all time?
>> Big cat.
>> Who's on the show?
>> Still Jerry's going to be hearing about
that one.
>> No way.
>> New MLB record.
>> Wow.
>> You got
one second.
>> Good for you.
>> Speed.
Lord.
>> Good stuff.
>> God damn.
>> Player of the game, Shawn Burke.
>> Really impressive.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> Oh my god. Oh [ __ ]
>> He got the first one,
>> Nick. He did it. He did it.
>> He did it. This is someone I would be
fine with taking over.
>> That wasn't accurate.
>> No.
>> Uh-oh. Soccer might not be his thing.
>> Well, he's a baseball baseball guy.
>> Oh, hi.
>> Football guy.
>> Oh, go there.
>> All right.
>> Pick it up and hit it up for those guys.
>> Yep.
>> Damn. Holy [ __ ] This would be a cool
one to have it won.
>> Yes, it would.
>> Yep.
>> But I would have a rebuttal.
You have a rebuttal.
>> Yeah, if anyone beats me again. Oh yeah.
Oh, basketball court.
>> Oh [ __ ]
>> He's got a lot of shots.
>> I'm actually going to maybe do this.
>> Oh my god.
>> One.
>> Yeah, he might do this. What the [ __ ]
>> Make sure he's put on the line.
>> Yep.
>> Okay.
>> Oh,
you're good. You need I'm nervous.
>> Yep. in here.
>> Hey, hurry.
>> Here we go.
>> Trivia. You have to get 10 total.
>> You have a great time.
>> Alphabet.
>> Uh
>> 10 most popular musical instruments.
>> You name them. Guitar.
>> Yeah.
>> Um violin.
Uh piano.
Um what else?
>> Um
>> seven players.
>> Seven playable characters in Mortal
Kombat. Six states that border Utah.
Okay. Playable charact Scorpion.
Um, Subzero, Kano, Johnny Cage, Sonia,
>> um, who else? Uh,
>> time
>> more.
>> Oh, 141.
>> WOW.
>> HOLY.
>> TOP 10.
>> WOW.
>> Oh my god.
>> 141.
>> Wow.
>> Where we at? Oh,
>> holy [ __ ]
>> You are seventh place.
>> Seventh place. Oh my god.
>> Yeah, that was impressive, Nick.
>> 3 2 1
>> Yeah.
[laughter]
>> Hot start.
>> Here we go.
>> Come on. Let her score.
>> Oh
[ __ ]
>> Keep going for that right corner.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. There we go.
>> M.
>> Thank you for letting her score.
[laughter]
>> There we go.
>> Oh, where we going? THIS MESS.
>> OH,
>> A running start.
>> That's in the upstairs.
>> Who's got the record for the gauntlet?
>> Uh, Big Cat, who's [music] back in the
booth back there.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> First and second place.
>> No big deal.
>> 600 some days.
>> What's the time?
>> It was a 130.
>> 136 maybe.
>> Here we go.
>> She's at 40 seconds. How many sports are
left?
>> So, she has two basketball shots and
then she has to come in here and do 10
uh trivia questions.
>> Oh, damn. Okay.
>> Hope she knows the East team.
>> [laughter]
>> Bread and butter.
>> Our pressure.
>> Oh,
>> there it is.
>> YEP.
>> YES, SIR.
>> Right here.
>> Send trivia questions.
>> YOU HAVE YOU CAN DO IT.
>> 10 total correct. There's a lot on here.
>> All right. Eight planets.
>> Planets.
>> And you can name any of these planets.
Don't worry about to put them on.
>> I can hear you. Planets of system. any
of our planets,
>> Uranus,
>> Jupiter, Earth, [gasps] Mars, Venus,
>> uh
>> Saturn,
um Pluto.
>> Uh the vital organs in the human body,
>> heart, lungs, kidneys, brain, how many?
>> UH THERE'S FIVE TOTAL.
>> DONE. [snorts]
>> HOLY [ __ ]
>> YEAH. OH, WAIT A SECOND.
>> IT'S NOT NO, it's not.
>> Don't be silly.
>> Wait. God damn.
>> Incredible time, though.
>> Headphones. If you didn't do the
headphones, you would have broken the
record.
>> No, she would. No. No, she I timed the
headphones. It was only two seconds.
>> Someone would have told her about
>> time the headphones.
>> I timed the headphones. It was very,
very impressive.
>> Thank you.
>> Yes, Megan.
>> Wow.
>> Hundreds of people have done this. Your
top 10.
>> I guess she is an Olympian.
>> Yeah, I guess. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Three, two, one, go.
>> I think he's going to be good.
Hand it off to Brandon.
>> Oh no.
[laughter]
>> Off to Brandon.
>> This might be too far of a throw.
>> I'm sure if we looked up his South
Dakota State statutes
>> making fun of a dude who's just sick at
throwing the football. Come on.
>> There it is.
>> We need to have a serious talk with
Wyatt.
>> Yeah, Wyatt's not really
>> There it is.
>> All right. Now we can He can exhale now.
Nice.
>> Are you a Pokemon card guy or just the
the games or the show?
>> Here we go. Sit down.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh.
Uh, Mercury, Venus, Jupiter, Earth,
Mars, Neptune, Saturn,
uh, Chicago, New York, LA.
>> It's got to be 10. it. That's got to be
10.
>> Wow. [snorts]
>> Saturn.
>> Oh.
>> Oh my god. Wait. What's the record, Big
Cat?
>> Oh, I don't think that's I'm 126.
>> Oh, okay.
>> You're in the top. Is it top?
>> That's top top. That's top five.
>> Five. All time.
>> Top six. Top six.
>> Is it six? Who's got
>> That was incredible. Damn. What a run.
Right behind.
>> We weren't even like top non bar stool
employee.
>> Wow.
Jared from Subway gets out of prison
this year.
>> What?
>> Oh, yeah.
>> We shouldn't let him out.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you think it What's he What's his
next step?
>> Are we
>> podcast for sure?
>> We're going to hear him on a podcast.
>> Podcast for sure%.
>> Who's going to get him on the pod? Neelk
boys.
>> Neelk maybe.
>> Neelk. Neo somebody. Yeah.
>> The uh the foodie boys.
>> The MD food.
>> Oh, his two favorite things. [laughter]
>> Keep
you guys see the Rizzler Humpty Ovon.
>> Yeah, it was [laughter]
really good.
>> He's good.
>> Yeah, he's got it.
>> He's good at speaking.
>> He
>> exceptionally for his age.
>> We called it like the Rizzler is dwarfed
AJ and Big Justice. Not to make it a
feud.
>> The funniest part was like just out of
nowhere, Rizzler got sidetracked and he
goes, "Man, I really want to blow out
that candle in front of us right now.
[laughter]
>> He's seven, man.
>> He's a sevenyear-old."
>> No, he's not seven. They're going to try
to keep him seven forever. He's got to
be at least like 10.
>> He's 10, I think.
>> What? Yeah. What if he is like No, no,
no, no. He is What if he's got the
Milanakis going on?
>> Everyone years old. He's so well spoken
cuz he's just a grown adult.
>> If you gave his people the choice, they
would they would opt for that. Yeah.
>> So Jared gets out.
>> What do you like? What do you
>> Who's like, "Yeah, Jared, you can move
back in with me." Who's like
>> So he There's no way. Like
>> what kind of debt does he pay to
society? Is he
>> Was his crime two-dimensional or
three-dimensional? I believe
>> computer. No, no, he was trying to
>> Oh, was it was it he was attempting
three dimensional?
>> I believe he was actively
>> Yeah. And I think he also might have
taken some trips abroad.
>> He's
>> Oh, real bad guy.
>> I think it's his bad
>> physically see.
>> I think he went to
>> I legitimately just thought it was
online images.
>> I'm pretty sure.
>> TJ, can you go to Wikipedia?
>> How long was he in prison?
>> That's going to be depressing.
>> Feels like 15 years.
>> 10 years. I was going to say 15 probably
closer. Right.
>> Jeff Dlo has a photo with him.
>> Would we would we
>> I'm afraid to read it.
>> All right. 2007 Fogle [clears throat]
came to the state and federal law
enforcement. Are we judging his
worthiness to be on the yak? Is that
what we're
>> I was just going to No. Well, I was Oh.
>> What? Antiqueum?
>> No. No. All right. No.
>> Is Did he Is he fat again? Well, I don't
know.
>> He's got to be skinny prison. Can you
>> I don't want to hear him speak. But
>> what do you want? There would
>> a Jared subway gauntlet time that
[laughter] we could then use to mock
other people would be electric.
>> Wait, should we just Should we put
[laughter] should we put a fake one on
there?
>> It's like, hey, you're you're one below
Jared from Subway. [laughter]
>> Just like all the, you know, the the
>> Yeah, put him up there.
>> [ __ ] Texas Rangers come in and none
of them beat Jared.
>> Jared,
>> I [laughter] would like Let's find out
where he should be. Put him like a 256.
Yeah, let's let's put a fake one up
there just right [laughter] right around
that three minute range.
>> Yeah, just so every every time someone
comes like oh
>> and maybe we don't even call attention
like we'll we'll [laughter] call
attention to like the person right below
him nose line
>> and see if they say anything.
>> Yeah. What's exactly average?
>> Right. Yeah. Right in the middle. In
2021 Jared from Subway said that he runs
four to five miles and works out
regularly and weighs 100. So he might be
under three minutes.
>> Big. What if he [laughter] beat your
time and like everybody that comes in
like who has the number one? It's
[ __ ] the death of the
>> Oh, that would be Jared Fogle.
>> The death of the gauntlet. We got to
have him on the leaderboard. [laughter]
>> What if we just get someone else named
Jared Fogle?
>> How are we going to find
>> Why don't we just lie?
>> There has to be someone easier.
>> Lying's easy.
>> Let's Let's fly out another Jared Bo.
[laughter]
>> So, there's 274 runs right now. So,
somewhere in like the
>> I I really think that three minute range
maybe right after Wait, let's see where
the funniest names you can be next to.
>> Yeah,
>> let's go up a little.
>> Careful now. There has been minors that
have run.
>> Oh, [laughter] yeah.
>> Put him next to
>> between Kate and Gunner Henderson.
>> And then what if we put Jared Fogle
parentheses like post prison, so it
might imply that he did it.
>> Oh, I see where he should be.
>> Between KB and all business people.
>> Yep. [laughter]
>> Yep. That's a perfect spot. That's a
perfect spot. A perfect time.
>> 312.
>> Yeah. 31227. [laughter]
>> 312 is perfect.
>> That's a perfect. [laughter]
>> What division?
>> Wait. And we I think just Jared X Barto
and uh Jack Max. Jack Max in the office
today, right? Maybe if we have him run
it and then
>> Yeah. God, if he could do it, test it
out.
>> 313. [laughter]
>> Uh, Subway,
>> put Jared Fogle and Can we add an
occupation just like former spokesman?
>> You don't like Jared from Subway saying
>> I think Jared Fogle have the real
spokesman or something. [laughter]
>> Wait, is that
>> I [snorts] think you need the name I
think you need the word Subway in there
somewhere.
Yeah, [ __ ] it.
>> Should we like we could backlog this
date and say that it happened a long
time ago.
>> Yeah, but people might know he's in
prison.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> It's the first thing he did when he got
out.
>> Yeah.
>> Look at that. [laughter]
>> Oh, man. Perfect.
>> Perfect.
>> Shot
48.
>> That baseball was what really killed me.
>> Yeah. I apologize. I mean, um,
>> Tennessee.
>> That's what Oh, Nashville. Yeah.
>> Is that why? Uh,
>> oh, Delaware is sales tax, right? Same.
>> That was a good time, though.
>> Not bad.
>> For your first time.
>> What's the worst one?
>> Jeffy Low. Nine and a half mill.
>> Oh, that's when he couldn't make a
basketball shot.
>> Yeah. How many did he miss in a row?
>> Uh, like a hundred.
>> 81.
>> Let's see who.
>> Was there an athlete that was really
bad?
>> Uh, yeah. Cam Newton was bad.
>> Sk was really bad.
>> All right. So you're
>> you're above Kevin.
>> Wow.
>> What's Bartow? Bar stool.
>> Uh it's a guy.
>> Oh, I know. Bar stool. But he drinks,
right? Yeah.
>> Yeah, he does. Beat
>> Oh, Bal Muhammad you beat.
>> Oh, yeah. He's not in the PFL. That's
actually so funny that you put him in
the PFL. [laughter]
>> Let's see who beat you.
>> Scroll up
some.
>> Oh,
>> Rihanna. Rihanna beat you.
>> This is when we get to the athletes.
>> The funniest Travis. Yeah, we
>> the threes are TJ's dad and studs.
>> Yeah, sass is a memes. M
>> Perez.
>> Yeah,
>> Caroline. Oh,
>> Gunner. I got you. That makes sense.
>> Caroline's actually a good athlete.
>> Dunker plays Iowa.
>> Then once you get to the low threes is
where the juggernauts are.
>> Yeah. Now you're getting into like the
Edelman's of the world.
>> I'm trying to think of like bragging for
like New York office. Gunner Henderson,
of course.
>> Brought Jack McCarthy.
>> Oh, all business P. Subway.
>> Who's Jared from here?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. And then Greg Olsen.
>> Greg Olsen. Rudolph. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So,
>> Billy.
>> Yeah.
>> He just did it. Um,
>> he's got mus muscular drophe in
>> Oh, nice.
>> No,
>> he
>> he beat me.
>> Yeah. No,
>> by a lot.
>> Yeah, him. [laughter]
>> Shout out him. He's the He's the
>> big Justice.
>> Jared Fogle.
>> Speak Justice. Nice.
>> They all beat you.
>> Star stab.
>> That's that.
>> All right. [laughter]
>> All right.
>> All right. Well, we're happy to have you
here, Jack.
>> Yeah. Thanks.
>> Excited. Yeah.
>> Just didn't
>> didn't notice care at all. That is
>> noticed but didn't care.
>> Subway got in.
>> Didn't mind at [laughter] all.
>> So, kind of was just about kind of
really took that information in and
>> yeah,
>> didn't export it at all. I think we got
to say Jared Fogle because it's less
obvious.
>> Yeah, Fogle.
>> Yeah, but even that we said Jared from
Subway and he didn't
>> I feel like you think that's a joke
right away.
Wait,
>> I think government like Jared Fogle.
>> Jared Fogle.
>> Someone would ask is it the the Jared be
like, "Yeah, from Subway."
>> But I feel like if you see a list of a
bunch a whole 200 400 names, you're not
going to Jared Fogle is not stopping
you.
>> No.
>> Right. But I think I think that it's
like I think people should double take
it.
>> We just need we need to get someone that
lands right on.
>> Yeah. Go and go up like the the fours
are pretty good. [laughter]
>> I beat sketch.
>> Once you get into like the low threes,
that's when you get pretty elite.
>> Mhm. Mhm.
>> If I hadn't screwed up the basketball,
man.
>> Yeah.
>> Which was like half
>> KB Nick. Kyle Rudolph.
>> Yeah. John Summit.
>> Jared from Subway.
>> Is that actual Jared from Subway?
>> Yeah. He popped in. Um
>> when did he come in? Where was it?
>> It was awkward. Yeah.
>> He's not in jail anymore.
>> Prison. I think he's about to get out.
[laughter]
>> All right.
>> Yeah, it was like a little press tour.
>> Just hyping him back up. [laughter]
>> No, we have him on there just to see if
people catch it.
>> That'd be great for uh marketing, you
know. Just bring him back. Bring back
Jared, guys.
>> The same.
>> Look at all the people you beat. You
beat
>> Marty Fish.
>> You beat Sam Talent, very funny
comedian. Brandon Marshall,
uh, Alex Caruso,
>> Fred Smoot,
>> RG3.
>> Yep. All these Spencel Spencer Torlson,
Adley Rushman, Greg Olsen, Kyle Rudolph
>> from Subway. My arch enchant
for everything different. I stand for
being good to people.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> You beat him.
>> Yeah. Thank you.
>> Bad.
>> Thank you guys.
>> Yeah. I mean, luck of the draw.
>> Yeah.
>> Beat Shay.
>> Beat Zack Gallon.
>> Beat uh Jared from Subway. Yeah.
>> Beat uh Everett Kennard.
>> Oh, I beat little [laughter]
>> Everett Kennard. Big E. Who's that?
>> Oh, I beat Cowser.
>> He's a bus driver.
>> Mississippi State University bus driver
since
>> Yeah,
>> probably the 80.
>> I was surprised when he came in here.
>> Yeah, he he has stories of uh Will
Clark, Paul Maro back in the 80s. So, he
he's
>> a wealth of information.
>> Just a wealth. [laughter]
>> He's the [ __ ] man.
>> He is.
>> Oh, couldn't break the top 10. Dag gum
it. [sighs]
>> Where was he, TJ? What? Who's
>> Oh. Oh, yeah. So you're right there.
>> Oh [snorts] man.
>> So did I do worse? No, you you did
better than
>> Jared from Subway.
>> Colton Cowser. Yeah,
>> you're good.
>> This is my It has now become my favorite
thing.
>> Yeah, but it but it hasn't [laughter]
hit.
>> It's gone over so bad.
>> Like Joey has not even registered.
>> What?
>> You you beat Jared for some way and All
Business Pete.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't know who All Business Pete is,
but I know Jared. [laughter] Yeah,
>> I know Jared weird if we had him
>> on the show. [laughter]
>> Got any follow-up questions about having
him do the
>> G? I would say I would say when.
>> Okay. Yeah.
>> Yeah. When is I'm I'm envisioning it
wasn't the [laughter] actual fogmeister,
but maybe it was. And uh you know,
>> I think maybe when he gets out of jail
it will hit better.
>> It'll be Yeah.
>> Yeah. Not even close.
>> No, not one day. One day it's going to
pay off and it's going to be awesome.
>> I'm dying for like somebody to double
take at it.
>> Yeah. Be like what?
>> Like Jared from Subway.
>> Yeah. [ __ ] that.
>> I thought about it. I was just like,
man, they've been doing this show for a
while. [laughter]
>> That would have been a great get back in
the day.
>> Yeah. Yeah. It wasn't It wasn't when he
was in prison. It was how he was doing
it.
>> Right. You got to separate the art from
the artist,
>> right? Right. Yeah.
>> We've had a lot of different notable
people do that. That's
>> Yeah. from all walks of life.
>> Let's see. 303.
>> Yeah, pretty good.
[snorts]
>> Oh. Oh, wow. You beat your quarterback
by
>> Wow.
>> Two seconds.
>> You beat your quarterback by two
seconds.
>> Kyle Rudolph as well.
>> Kyle Rudolph.
>> Kyle Rudolph. Greg Olsen beat him.
>> Greg Olsen.
>> A lot of big names. Yeah.
>> Uh, some non- football players.
>> Okay.
>> Edelman.
>> Who is that? So, you got KB Jared from
Subway,
>> McCarthy, Brandon. Little
>> Sass.
>> Yeah.
>> Beat him. You beat him. Yeah.
>> Are you familiar with him?
>> Am I? Yeah. Well, yeah. A little bit.
[laughter]
>> This is
>> It doesn't work.
>> I think it never works.
>> We He mean He clocked it.
>> Yeah, he clocked it. We don't We
>> But what's he gonna say? He's
>> He's in jail, but we we just put him on
the leaderboard
>> just to see if people would react.
>> I want I want a highlight reel of all
the reactions there. No one has ever
seen. There's no highlights.
>> The highlight is Kate's reaction.
>> You're not sure how to react.
>> I think I'll be like, "Oh, hell yeah.
Thank goodness I beat him." [laughter]
>> How did Julian Edelman do? Did I beat
him?
>> I think you did. You
>> Hell yeah.
>> There's like good athletes that are like
a minute plus.
>> Edman's 323. You beat him by a minute
and 23. Yo, let's let's scroll down and
just see
>> good guys.
>> Marty Fish, uh, Will Compton, bodied
him.
>> I beat Will.
>> Alex Caruso.
>> [ __ ] I beat the glue guy on the
Thunder. That's
>> dude. How about my Knicks right now?
They look pretty good.
>> Yeah, they do. Greg Olsen, Kyle Rudolph,
Jared Subway.
>> I'll take it.
>> Hower,
>> Brandon, Lil Sass.
Good stuff.
>> Boom.
>> All right. Kyle Rudolph, Chad Summit,
[laughter]
Jared from Subway.
>> I'm hurting a little, but that was
[ __ ] cool.
>> Palm Jared from Subway Jared from
Subway.
>> I beat him in other ways in life, too. I
didn't I didn't [ __ ] kids. I
>> It's good to beat him in That's the more
important way to beat him.
>> Just didn't It's It's never going to
work.
>> So bad.
>> It's never going to work.
>> We put Jared from Subway on there.
Obviously, he didn't do the gauntlet.
Waiting for anyone to react.
>> I don't know if it was like
>> Yeah. We're just waiting [laughter] for
someone to react. We're We're over for
like 100. We're not even close. We had
>> We had high hopes for you ever
>> and we just face planted again.
>> I would take an eye bat at this point.
>> Yeah. Like, wait a second.
>> Nothing.
>> It's unfunny. Very close.
>> It's the most unfunny thing we've ever
done.
>> Putting Jared from Subway on there and
no one even reacts.
>> It'll work next. I mean, [laughter]
it'll work next time.
>> He He was huge, dude. I don't [ __ ]
know how long he had.
>> He was Yeah,
was on there. I'd be like, "All right,
[laughter]
Woody Allen."
>> Damn it.
>> Someday.
>> That's the problem. Everyone assumes it
was before he was impressed. That's why
we need to get him out. [laughter]
>> Yeah.
>> Got to get some signatures.
>> Man, what a weird like cuz you get love
in the can if you're like Bernie Maid
off, but if you're a kid [ __ ] you're
screwed.
>> Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
>> Damn. I mean, I don't know why I'm
saying damn. I don't know why I feel
sorry.
>> Yeah. [laughter] Poor guy. I wouldn't
waste his life.
>> He was probably Yeah. having a bad time
in jail.
>> Yeah. Prison's Prison's got to suck if
you're a child molester. [laughter]
>> The bad time.
>> Oh, man. Someday when it hits, it's
going to be the greatest moment in Yak
history. [laughter]
>> We have to go through this.
>> Oh yeah.
>> The payoff.
>> Yeah. This is the pain. This is the 100
loss season.
>> This is the 0 and6.
We're just deal We're just in the [ __ ]
right now.
>> Hey, what the [ __ ] is going to hit? It's
going to be a [ __ ] walk-off.
>> Uh-huh.
>> Here's who you beat. Let's look it.
Let's all look at this. You beat Malisk.
>> You beat Cole KT.
>> S Freelick from the Brewers.
>> Gunnar Henderson.
>> Henderson.
>> There's some
>> Oh, people who beat you.
>> Right underneath
>> uh Colton Cowser.
>> Gunnar Henderson.
>> John Summit. Kyle Rudolph.
Uh let's see.
>> Nick Fos. Yeah. So, right under
>> Yeah, right under
>> some of these names I forget were even
in here.
>> Yeah,
>> it's weird looking back. Greg lost
remember Greg Ols. You lost to Jared
from Subway.
>> McCarthy
Titus.
>> What was that? What was that laugh?
>> You lost to Jared from Subway.
>> There's been a lot of losses there.
>> Damn [laughter] it.
>> Damn. It's never going to hit
>> so good. We will persist. So,
>> we just put his name on the leaderboard.
He's not been in this office.
>> I figured. [laughter]
>> But we're just waiting for one person to
be like,
>> "NO, THE PUNCH."
>> WHAT?
>> HOW ARE THEY going to react?
>> Kate, you're burgundy.
>> Yeah, [laughter]
>> it just hasn't hit yet, Frank. We've
done it probably 100 times and no one
reacts the way we want them to react.
>> Now I love it.
>> It's so dumb. It's so dumb.
>> It is. But uh
>> it's going to hit eventually.
>> I didn't know what you wanted me to do
with it.
>> We really wanted TO HEY YO, WHAT?
>> WHAT THE [ __ ]
>> OH, hell no.
>> Subway. What the [ __ ] are you guys into?
>> Something like that.
>> Yeah, [laughter] that doesn't feel like
me.
>> You know what the [ __ ] guy
>> number one?
>> Yeah, let's go.
>> New record.
>> And Jeff, there's you in last.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> Um, all right. So, you beat a lot of
like we've had a lot of pretty famous
people. Oh, Marty Fish. He's a good
golfer.
>> He's a really good golfer.
>> Yeah. Uh, let's see. The [ __ ] is on
Brandon Marshall. Uh, Alex Caruso, NBA
champion.
Uh, let's see. There you are.
>> Doug Peterson.
>> Yeah. Greg Olsen, Jared from Subway.
Trevor Lee. Gunnar.
>> Was that
>> Is he Isn't he in jail?
>> Yeah, he is. He [laughter] is.
>> That was the best.
>> Best yet. Nobody ever reacts.
>> Nobody ever reacts.
>> You're number one now.
>> He didn't actually run the gauntlet. We
just put him on there to see reaction.
>> Oh, really?
>> Yeah.
>> But you had the best reaction and it was
just simply Oh, okay. [laughter]
I didn't know how to acknowledgement.
>> All right, boys.
>> Finally, you're on the board.
>> We can build on that.
>> Yes. [laughter]
>> Did you beat Combmes?
>> I had to, right?
>> Probably beat a lot of good guys.
>> Yeah, for sure.
>> Uh, let's see.
>> You have a good angle.
>> Oh, you got him. Yeah. 8 seconds.
>> Yeah. There we go. Take that. Combmes.
>> Caleb Winterberg.
>> Who Who did you like Montana?
>> Whoa. Freddy Smoot.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
State comfortably beat.
>> Yeah,
>> bro.
>> Like there's some big names that you
beat by minutes.
>> Yeah, Big Cat. Well done out there, man.
That's a
>> Thank you.
>> That's not easy.
>> John Summit Summit,
>> Edman,
>> Jared from Subway,
>> Ben Mushman.
>> I'm proud of it. You know, good way to
start the day off, boys.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Saw the Jared from Subway.
>> Yeah,
>> you beat Jared himself.
>> I'll take that.
>> Yeah, that's a good one. That would have
been a tough L right there.
>> Yeah, tough.
>> That's a tough tough, huh?
>> It's good.
>> That was awesome.
>> Kate, you match your shirt right now.
[laughter]
>> I don't get why we're doing it.
>> All right, let's see. Uh, let's see
where you stack up. So, there we go. Two
all time in in NFL. That's pretty damn
>> I feel like that's number one, though,
because
>> Yeah, if I get another rack at that,
like I feel like I was also his second
time.
>> Yeah, that's facts. You are number one
for that day. The uh All right, let's
see.
>> 230.
>> You beat Wow. A lot of
>> Yeah.
>> All right. There he is.
>> Marty Fisher, tennis player.
>> All right. Uh, Alex Caruso, basketball
player. Brandon Marshall. Colton Cowser,
baseball.
>> All right. Wow.
>> Al Stard.
>> RG3.
>> RG3. You bodied him. Chuck Eits. How do
you like that?
>> Keep.
>> Yeah. Uh,
>> yeah. Pretty good. Let's see.
>> DJ John Summit.
>> John Summit. Jared from Subway.
>> Beat him bad. Conor Henderson.
>> That hurts.
needed more subs.
[laughter]
>> I feel like that's that was reaction.
>> He didn't actually run it. We just put
him on there so that people would react.
>> Okay.
>> He's in jail still. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. [laughter]
>> Right. Right.
>> Probably even better now that he's in
prison.
>> Yeah. Yeah. He could use some Hall of
Fame beef, I'm sure. There. They're
probably not doing that. [laughter]
Everyone slid under the bars.
>> How was that time?
>> All right. Let's see.
>> Good. Damn good.
>> 54. Good time. Anything under three is
good.
>> Three is amazing. Okay.
A lot of big cat up there,
>> man. You know, I did create the thing.
[laughter]
>> All right.
>> Nick Carter was seven.
>> Yeah, Nick Carter was a beast.
>> What the hell?
>> Was a beast.
>> Who does he think he is?
>> All right. 254.
Let's see. All right. Zack Martin, there
you are. Let's see. Go.
>> Uh, just just miss. Oh, there we go.
Doug Peterson. You beat
>> Jack Golki. I remember him.
>> Jackie. How about that?
>> All right, keep scrolling. Let's see.
>> Fos.
>> Nick Fos, you beat
>> Craig Olsson. You beat.
>> Okay.
>> Kyle Rudolph, you beat
>> John S. Notre Dame. Yeah.
>> Uh, you beat Jared from Subway.
>> Who put that on there? [laughter]
>> All right.
>> There we go.
>> Yeah, that was something.
>> Yeah, we're getting closer.
>> Yeah, but he didn't actually run it.
He's in jail.
>> He's in jail. He might have ran it in
jail though.
>> Like 30 years ago, bro.
>> How good. Sorry.
>> So, no. Where am I at?
>> You're right above.
>> If not for that 11 Nick Carter. It was
like 11 to 15.
>> Can we put an aster next to it for
>> the headphones? The 11sec headphone
delay.
>> Sorry, we [laughter] can't do an aster.
>> Let's see who else you beat.
>> Good.
>> You guys want to see who else she beat?
>> Yeah. Let's see who else you beat. All
the different people.
>> You're one above the Backstreet Boy Nick
Carter if you're
>> Oh, brilliant.
>> Yeah,
>> he did it.
>> Love him.
>> Oh, wow. Oh wow. Yeah, Mick.
>> Seventh all time.
>> That is surprisingly um fun.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
Gets the heart going.
>> Uh let's see. Greg Olsson list you might
know. Panthers.
>> Brandon Walker.
>> That's him out there
>> as [laughter] him.
>> Brent Sneder, golfer. I know.
>> Oh wow.
>> Kyle Rudolph.
>> Oh, Rudolph. John Summit the DJ. Jared
from Subway. The subway.
>> Is that the big guy?
>> Where's
>> That's one way to describe. What's the
part of the gauntlet that people
struggle most with?
>> The question.
>> Uh, this part.
>> Yeah. Trivia part.
>> Trivia will stump some people.
>> When one of the questions was asked, I
was like, "Oh, gosh, I wouldn't even
know that."
>> You know, the planets. That was good.
That was impressive.
>> I've got a six-year-old, so it's quite
simple these days.
>> Who's the big guy?
>> Yeah. Who's the You were saying the big
guy. Oh,
>> Megan.
>> Oh, subway guy.
>> Oh, joke. Sorry.
>> No, no, no.
>> Oh, no. He's changed a [laughter] lot.
We have him on there as a joke to see
people's reactions.
>> Uh,
>> it's a bad joke, so it's okay.
>> He's a pedophile. [laughter]
>> Nothing funny about that.
>> Just a Subway guy that like
>> he's still in jail.
>> Is he?
>> Yeah,
>> bro. New Zealand is so small. I swear we
find out everything like lasts in the
world. [laughter]
>> You're just now finding out.
>> Yeah, I did not know that. Oh, I got to
break I get to break it to you. Yeah,
>> he's a bad man. So my dreams are
crushed. [laughter]
>> I loved that guy.
>> Oh, I love so much.
>> Stir down.
>> Oh, you didn't even know he lost weight.
[laughter]
>> He's still fat in his ear.
>> You're late. He's fat.
>> That's what she meant by that guy.
[laughter]
>> Dude, you're on season one.
>> Yeah.
>> Wait till the finale.
>> Oh, [laughter] yeah. There's quite the
twist.
>> There he is.
>> There he is. Almost top 50. Bran
Snedker, Dana Beers,
>> Marty Fish.
>> I know about 40% of the names on there.
>> Alex Caruso,
>> Marty Fish did it. Sick.
>> Yeah. Luke Taylor.
>> Brooks Keepa's on there. Who was Paulo?
>> Uh Cal Rudolph,
>> Doug Peterson, Spencer Tor basketball.
>> I don't think so.
>> Cowser Jared from Subway.
>> Trevor [laughter] Lee.
>> We'll take it, baby. Yeah, that was it
was something
>> something.
>> You beat Jared from Subway.
>> I'll take it.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, you got to take that.
>> I need it. I'll take it.
>> Damn it.
>> Thank you, gentlemen.
>> What do you think went into
accomplishing that?
>> Like what all had to happen
>> today? I mean, dude, all I'm going to be
thinking about is that cornhole for the
next
>> It tripped up from Yeah. What had to
fall into place?
>> That cornhole. The cornhole
>> in order for you to beat like Jared from
Subway.
>> I would have needed Oh, today.
>> Yeah. I mean, I don't know, dude. You
know, just stuck with it. Didn't let the
legacy of the first bad step hold me
down. Trust the process. Stay in the
>> To even have that opportunity. What
would have to have had happened?
>> Cuz Jared did it in his big fat jeans.
>> Oh, are you Wait,
>> there's something I'm missing here,
isn't there?
>> Oh,
>> no. No, not at all. Unfortunately,
>> he didn't actually. We just been trying
to get a reaction.
>> Oh, that Jared from Subway actually did
it.
>> Yeah, we've been trying to get a
reaction for about 6 months and no one's
giving us a reaction. So, it's the worst
bit we're doing. Someday it's going to
happen. I figured there's a chance he
did it.
>> Yeah,
>> that's the problem. There is a chance he
did it, guys.
>> Too confusing.
>> I figured he did.
>> That's why it's
>> How is there a chance?
>> There's
people timelines get mixed up.
>> Well, people don't know how long the
yak's been going.
>> To me, Jared from Subway could have done
it.
>> Yeah.
>> The fact that we don't get a reaction is
why we have to keep doing it. If we got
a reaction every time, right,
>> then [laughter] it wouldn't be worth a
worthwhile pursuit.
>> Can we get like some photoshops? Can we
get one photoshop of him doing it next
to like Cam Newton doing it this and
that and like showed like these are all
the people that have done it.
>> Did you hear did you see that Donnie
that Max and Jack were photoshopping
pictures of who he did what's for lunch
for and they did Jared from Subway and I
just walked by one day I was like oh
that's funny and Donniey's like yeah and
then he looked closer he's like what the
[ __ ] [laughter]
>> So we got Donnie then.
>> So they got Donnie.
>> Hey yo what the
>> what the [ __ ] All right. So, you're 45.
There you go.
>> All right. Not I guess that's not
terrible.
>> Let's see. You got
>> It was under the 230. 230.
>> How many have we had? How many people
have you had do this? We've had
>> Arian Foster you beat.
>> Oh, the soccer killed me.
>> Yeah. You beat uh Brandt Snedeker, the
golfer. Will Compton. There you go.
>> Joe Thomas is right there. There you go.
Mangum, baseball player.
>> Shane Baz, he's a baseball. Alex Caruso,
>> NBA champion twice. Kyle Long,
>> Luke Combmes,
>> RG3,
>> Taylor Gu, Brooks, Keepa, you beat.
>> All right. I don't feel terrible about
that.
>> Yeah.
>> Nick Fos.
>> Oh, Nick. I know Nick. Kyle Rudolph.
>> Yep. Jared from Subway.
>> Oh, yeah. So, wait, wait, wait. Time
out. Time out. Hold on. Just stop
scrolling. Go back.
>> I saw Olsson twice.
>> Yeah.
>> So, he goes 307. Then his second time
was 152. Yeah,
>> that's illegal.
>> Yeah. And you beat Jared from Subway.
>> Well, better. [laughter]
>> I'll take that. We'll take that.
>> Yeah. So, we've been trying this bit and
it's the worst ever.
>> What a joke. Come on.
>> Yeah. No, it's [ __ ]
>> That's such a cheat.
>> That was the second time. You can't do
it. He's the only person who's done it
twice.
>> That's unbelievable. Plus, Conor's all
pissed off that Omar Cooper caught that
ball at the exit.
>> Yeah, he went to the end zone.
>> Yeah. I mean,
>> that ain't right.
>> Yeah. And Greg Greg Olsson does it twice
in one day. Jared Subway did it only
once. [laughter]
No, he he we have not had Jeremy.
>> You haven't?
>> No. We put him on the list to see if we
can get a reaction out of people and it
has not worked and we've been doing this
bit for about 6 months.
>> He gave us that was one of the most
>> Yeah, we haven't had more than that.
That was [laughter] Yeah,
>> it's a terrible bit.
>> I mean, I'll be honest, when I heard it,
I was like,
>> "Yeah,
>> all right."
>> But see, you should have just trusted
your instinct. All we can kill the bit
as soon as one person just says like,
"What the [ __ ]
>> [laughter]
>> Wait.
>> Huh?
>> Yeah. You had that guy here.
>> Oh, man.
>> And then it'll be done forever. But we
just It's Yeah, we're going to keep
trying.
>> He's some pretty notable people.
>> Yeah. Let's see. Uh Alex Caruso, you
just missed him.
>> Uh Stavros, Fred Smoot, Luke
>> Stavros did it. Yeah,
>> he barely edged out Stavros.
>> He's up there. [laughter]
>> Yeah.
>> [ __ ]
>> Beat him though. Robert Griffin III.
>> Uhhuh.
>> Uh let's see. Big Justice. Uh, let's
see. Billy Football.
>> I see your name. There's you. Oh, you're
you're low.
>> John Summit. Jared from Subway.
>> Get the [ __ ] out of here.
>> YES.
>> WOW.
>> OH, THAT WAS SO GOOD.
>> NOBODY EVER REACTS TO JARED.
>> We've had his name on the list
>> for 6 months and no one reacts to it.
[laughter]
>> HE DID IT.
>> YES.
>> WOW.
>> WE FINALLY GOT A REACTION. We've been
doing this bit. It's the least
[laughter] funny bit of all time. Every
person who
>> really did.
>> No, of course not. He's in jail.
>> Oh, can we take it off now? [laughter]
>> Hey, listen. I'm at bar school. I don't
know. I You guys got sketchy politics. I
don't know. I don't know who YOU [ __ ]
WITH EVERY TIME. I I could see Port Noi
writing letters [laughter] in jail, you
know, like, "Hey, Jared, I miss I missed
your BLTs or whatever that [laughter]
>> we have been doing this for literally 6
months and every single person who comes
in, they're just like or they won't even
say anything or they're just like, "Huh,
>> not touching up."
>> It's like, "Oh, no. You gave it to us."
>> John Wade, Casey, what? [laughter]
>> We knew you would do it. How do you
feel?
>> That was awesome.
>> That was so good. Oh my god. I feel like
I'm on PeeWee's Playhouse.
>> The [laughter] word of the day.